break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
five years' time had passed in the blink of an eye
since piccolo's schemes for conquering the world were shattered,
thanks to the actions taken by son goku.
every day that went by, the world was the very picture of peace.
however, there was a new specter creeping its way forward...
"mini-goku is an overprotected boy! i am gohan."
gohan-chan!
gohan-chan!
lunch is ready!
gohan-chan!
this one will do!
gohan-chan!
welcome back.
goku-sa, where's gohan?
i'm famished already!
what are you talkin' about? have you seen gohan-chan?
huh? i ain't seen him.
where could he have gone off to?
if you don't eat and get out of here soon,
muten roshi-sama and the others will grow impatient waitin' for you.
all right, i'll go look for him.
i don't think he's gone too far off.
right. leave it to me!
i'm countin' on you!
really, what am i goin' to do with that boy?
just a little bit more now...
wh-what was that just now?! a meteor?! a ufo?!
how's about i go look?
okay, now...
ah, that's no meteor! what in tarnation is it?
huh?
so, the folks on this planet are still alive after all, huh?
that miserable kakarrot!
wh-who are you?!
your battle power is a mere five, huh? piece of trash!
d-don't come no closer! i-i'll kill you!
hmph. what a fragile people.
there's somebody with a great power around. range: 4,880.
is that you, kakarrot?!
father! father!
father!
hello there, butterfly!
wait!
you're way over there...
all right!
play dead!
n ! hat'?
father gave that to me!
hey, gohan!
father! mother!
what a nice headdress!
you sure are pretty.
my name is son gohan.
wait!
mother! father!
hey, you, about that hat...
that belongs to my son, gohan.
where did you come by it?
where did you come by it?!
father! mother!
gohan!
gohan!
gohan!
it's father!
just wait there! i'm coming to save you now!
gohan!
a little farther!
father!
gohan!
father! mother!
father!
gohan!
gohan!
all right...
i'm scared!
i'm scared! i can't get down! i'm scared!
father, that was scary! that was so scary!
gohan, did you...?
l-i don't know.
gohan, let's go home! your mommy is worried!
we have to go to old timer turtle hermit's place right away too, you know!
that lousy kakarrot!
wh-what kind of power is this? it couldn't possibly be...
son goku?!
no, it's not!
you're not kakarrot.
who are you? do you have some sort of business with me?
i don't have any business with the likes of you.
then what have you come here for? do you want to die?
you sure are in high spirits.
ho... battle power 322. so, there are folks like you around, huh?
however, you are still no match for me.
what did you say?! do you know who it is you're talking to here?!
not really...
wh-what is the deal with this guy's power?
that was a worthless technique, huh?
is merely kicking up dust all it can do?
now it's my turn. let me show you a sample of my techniques.
there's another great power here.
that way... range: 12,909.
it's large... the largest power on this planet...
this time for sure, it's kakarrot!
th-this is ridiculous!
l-i was shaking so much, i couldn't move!
have you lost sight of your pride as a saiyan, the mightiest warriors in the universe...
kakarrot?!
who are these saiyans, the mightiest warriors in the universe?
and who is kakarrot?
it appears that the mysterious alien and goku are somehow connected.
next time, goku's past will finally become clear!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
what's this? goku and chichi had a child! his name...
my name is son gohan.
however, there was an alien warrior
who was attempting to bring about a new shock to these peaceful days.
what was his objective?
this is ridiculous! i-l was shaking so much, i couldn't move!
"the mightiest warrior in all of history is goku's older brother!"
have you lost sight of your pride as a saiyan, the mightiest warriors in the universe, kakarrot?!
kakarrot?!
good afternoon!
it's been so long!
bulma-san!
you said to come visit you, so i came.
wow, it really has been a long time!
this house hasn't changed at all in the meantime, huh?
you sure have been cold to us, huh?
unless someone tells you to come over, you never come, after all.
here!
i brought some manju buns as a present.
you didn't need to go to that trouble.
if you'd just let me touch your boobs a little bit, i'd...
you just don't appreciate my gags, the same as always!
you're just a lecherous jerk, the same as always!
by the way, bulma-san, what's happening with yamucha-san?
yamucha? that idiot?
how should i know about that guy? i'm so mad at him,
i didn't tell him that everyone was getting together here today!
let's have ourselves a blast without him being here!
you guys sure do fight a lot.
they sure do.
so then, where's lunch-san?
she went out somewhere, chasing after tenshinhan-san, five years ago.
the position of this power is moving at considerable speed.
there! that's muten roshi-sama's house!
miserable kakarrot! you're not getting away from me!
yoo-hoo!
it's stopped!
son-kun! goku!
huh? what's up with the boy?
have you taken up a job baby-sitting, goku?
he's my boy!
y-yours, goku?!
yeah, that's right.
go on, say hello.
good afternoon.
yes, good afternoon... yes, good afternoon... yes, good afternoon.
his name is son gohan.
son gohan? so, you've given him the name of your late grandpa?
yeah.
still, this is a surprise!
to think that goku would bring a child along!
gohan-kun, how old might you be?
i'm four years old.
wow. he's got good manners, considering he's your boy, son-kun.
chichi is fussy about that.
say, gohan-kun, what are you going to be when you grow up?
a great scholar.
s-scholar?
a tail?
yeah. just like i had before, right?
you're right!
s-say, does anything happen to your boy that's strange in particular?
strange?
f-for example, does he undergo any changes on nights when the moon is full?
nights when the moon is full? well, we all go to sleep early and all...
how come?
it's nothing, it's nothing! in that case, it's all right!
s-say, goku, is your boy strong, like you?
about that...
i think he has quite a bit of power,
but chichi gets mad when i try to train gohan.
rock-paper-scissors!
how come? that's such a waste, isn't it?
ain't it, though?
she says the world is at peace now, so we don't need martial arts anymore,
and that from now on, it's time for studying.
so that tomboy of a girl turned out to be an education-minded mama-san, huh?
say, is that thing on top of gohan-kun's hat a dragon ball?
yeah. it's si xing qiu, the four-star-ball. it's a keepsake from my grandpa, you know?
i searched it out and stuck it on there.
i also found san xing qiu and liu xing qiu while i was at it. i keep them at home.
that sure takes me back. dragon balls, huh?
are you going to gather the dragon balls together and wish for something else?
i ain't got anything special that i want to wish for.
and here i thought that now that goku has a family, his power might have diminished...
you've got incredible power, the same as ever, huh?
wh-what is that?!
what's wrong?
s-something's coming this way!
somethings coming?
i wonder if it's yamucha.
a-awesome! i feel an awesome power! what is it?!
it's here!
here it comes!
wh-what is that?!
who is it?
what kind of ferocious bloodlust is this?
so, we finally meet.
you've grown, huh?
but i still recognized you at first glance, kakarrot.
kakarrot?
you look just like father.
what does that mean?
what is this? what is this guy saying?
kakarrot! what is with the condition of this planet?!
you were supposed to have been under orders to dispose of humanity!
what the hell have you been goofing around for?
now look here, you. i don't know who you are or where you're from,
but go on back, go on back!
shoo, shoo! you know,
it won't do for you to be out drunk this early in the afternoon.
go on back, go on back.
kuririn! don't get close to him!
kuririn!
why, you...!
a-a tail! this guy has a tail!
looks like you've finally learned my identity.
your identity?
what do you mean?!
over here!
kakarrot'.!
have you even forgotten about that?!
my name ain't that funny kaka-whatever nonsense! it's son goku!
how can this be?
hey, go on, now!
hey, have you ever taken any strong shocks to the head in the past?
what?
back when you were a child or sometime, did you ever hit your head hard?!
answer my question!
i did!
i don't remember it, but when i was good and little, i hit my head!
wh-what?!
i still have the scar, even now.
so that's it after all, huh?
but what does that have to do with anything?!
goku!
long ago, your grandfather, son gohan, told me something.
one day, deep in a valley, he found something unusual, like it had fallen from the sky.
when he got closer and looked at it, there was a round capsule,
and inside it was a baby that had a tail.
he took him home, and tried to raise him...
but he had a violent disposition, and never took to him,
and he was utterly at his wit's end over him.
but then, one day, he fell into a ravine by accident...
and hit his head hard, nearly dying. however,
having an unbelievable life force, the baby apparently survived.
what's more, afterward, his violent nature disappeared,
and he became a good little boy.
th-that was me?
mm-hmm.
s-so then, what does that mean?
does this guy and son-kun have some kind of connection?
hey, who the hell are you?! tell me who you are!
you're being one difficult bastard, forgetting everything like this!
fine. i'll remind you, then.
from here on, i'll have a lot of work for you to do for me, after all...
are you okay, kuririn?
be careful, goku! that's no ordinary guy!
mm-hmm, so it would appear.
to be honest, just us standing here looking at each other like this has got me scared!
this has never happened to me before!
i'll tell you, then. you are not a human from this planet.
you were born on planet vegeta.
you are a proud saiyan, the mightiest warrior race in the universe!
the universe? warriors?
saiyan?
and i am your older brother, raditz!
g-goku's older brother?!
b-brothers?! you're kidding!
stop talking nonsense!
r-right! if goku is from outer space, then what is he doing on earth?!
the answer is simple.
kakarrot, you were sent here to exterminate the bothersome humans that live on this planet!
i was what?!
we saiyans are a renowned warrior race!
our task is to go through space, searching for planets with good environments,
and once we've exterminated those who already live there...
we sell them for a high price to aliens who are looking for a suitable planet.
adult warriors embark directly upon planets where those with a higher battle power live.
but to planets like this one, which have a lower level, we send babies like you.
l-if that's the truth, then you guys are awful!
that's crazy! you even make piccolo look lovable!
how can you send babies off on their own?!
kakarrot, given several years,
you should have had plenty of time to purge these nuisances all by yourself!
if only you had remembered your orders, that is.
luckily, this planet has a moon, as well.
hey, why is it so lucky that there's a moon here?
don't play stupid!
it is when the moon is at its fullest that we saiyans are at our best, you know!
what are you talking about?
i don't understand what you mean at all!
what?
l-it can't be... where's your tail?
what happened to your tail?!
it got cut off and disappeared long ago!
h-how can this be? you miserable fool!
it's no wonder you were able to get along with the beings on this planet!
enough!
it doesn't matter if i am some whatever-you-call-it guy from another planet,
or if you are my big brother!
kuririn is right! anyone like that is a lowlife!
i am son goku, and i was raised here! now get out of here right now!
right! right!
like he said! whatever his past may be,
right now, son goku is a fine earthling, more so than anyone else!
goku has even saved the world! get lost! get lost!
even so, i cannot allow this to be.
the saiyans have always been a race few in numbers,
but now, after colliding with a giant meteor, the planet vegeta has blown up.
just about all of the saiyans were vaporized into space dust.
our father and mother included!
including you, there are only four remaining saiyans.
me and one of the others were spared because we were off assaulting another planet.
and as for the other one,
he was lucky enough to be sent off to another planet, just like you were.
earlier, we inadvertently found a nice planet
that we ought to be able to sell for an extremely high price.
we'd like to go attack it,
but it looks like we'd have a hard time of it with just the three of us.
that's when i remembered about you, kakarrot.
your battle power is still incomplete,
but if you were to join up with the three of us, you could still manage.
stay away!
open your eyes, kakarrot!
it will be fun! is your saiyan blood not stirred?
i'm scared!
don't be ridiculous!
i'd die before lending my hand to you!
so that's how it is, huh?
for a while now, i've been wondering, that boy behind you is your son, isn't he?
n-no!
it's no use trying to fool me!
that tail is proof that he carries saiyan blood, isn't it?
so... what if he is?!
since you, his father, won't listen to reason,
i guess i'll have to borrow your son for a little while.
keep back!
just try to come any closer!
i'll knock you flying!
father!
father! you mustn't go!
gohan-kun!
whoa, there!
kakarrot, i'll be taking the child.
if you want him returned alive, you'll listen to what your brother tells you to do!
d-dammit!
g-goku went down with only one blow!
kakarrot, i'm giving you only one day, so think about it.
you'll probably have to get your friends to help, too.
still, you'll have to show me some proof.
ah, but that's a simple matter. by this time tomorrow,
you'll kill a hundred of this planet's humans, at least for now,
and pile their bodies up here!
what?!
you heard me, right? i'll be looking forward to tomorrow.
he is my brother's son, after all.
if possible, i don't want to have to kill him.
father!
i'm scared!
g-gohan!
exceedingly strong, and exceedingly cold-blooded, he's goku's brother, raditz!
will goku be able to save his son, son gohan?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
kuririn!
kakarrot, i'll be taking the child.
if you want him returned alive, you'll listen to what your brother tells you to do!
so strong! raditz is exceedingly strong!
gohan's life is in the hands of raditz, goku's older brother.
can goku solve this problem in any way other than the unthinkable?
"all right! this is the strongest combo in the world!"
you got that? let me say it again just to be sure.
you are to kill a hundred of this planet's people and pile up their bodies here by tomorrow.
if you do, we will let you join our group.
and of course, if there are no bodies here, it will mean the death of your son.
father!
th-that's gutless of you! how can you use a child like that?!
yeah! he's right!
for one thing, there's no way goku could kill anyone!
that's fine.
if you don't mind letting this one die,
then there's no need to have those bodies ready.
however,
one way or another, every person on this planet is destined to die soon.
once we finish subjugating our current planet, we've decided that our next target will be this one!
y-you what?
the three of us saiyans ought to be enough to wipe out the folks on this planet in only a month.
kakarrot, if you're the one who kills a hundred people for me,
it's all the same in the end, isn't it?
father! father!
you got that, kakarrot? any way you try to struggle out of it,
the only thing for you to do is to join your brother's pals.
give me back my child!
i'll be expecting a good answer from you.
for your sake, as well.
father! father! you cannot consider going against me.
with your incomplete battle power,
you can't possibly stand up to your older brother, after all!
father!
see you later! i look forward to tomorrow!
gohan!
father!
gohan!
damn it all! he made a mockery of me!
are you okay, son-kun?
w-we're sorry! there was nothing we could do!
g-goku?
kinto un!
wait! that's crazy! don't be rash!
you can't! you'll be killed!
if you go now, do you think you could win?!
damn! what should i do?
think.
hold on, now...
what a shock, huh? here you discover that you have a relative,
and of all people, it turns out to be that guy!
your brother... does have greater than normal strength, and all.
his tail...
if l...
if i squeeze his tail hard enough, his strength should drop off.
that's how it was for me.
n-now that you mention it, that's true!
b-but still, are you going to be able to grab his tail?
it'll be impossible for me to do it alone.
we will do as much as we can!
yamucha and tenshinhan aren't here, after all.
th-that's right... and if the three of us fight together,
it just might work...
though i'm not very confident about that...
bulma-san, if we die, please bring us back to life with the dragon balls, okay?
leave it to me!
kuririn, that won't work.
kami-sama said that you can't ask shen long to grant the same wish a second time.
kuririn, both you and old timer turtle hermit
have already had shen long bring you back to life once.
and so... we can't do it another time...
oh... really? e-even so, n-no problem!
you'd help me out?
o-of course we will!
you bet we will! this time, it's our turn to lend you a hand, goku!
th-this time for sure, i'm dead. damn... and i wanted to get married too...
speaking of the dragon balls, what if we did this?
get all seven together, and ask shen long to save the world!
oh, yeah!
do you think we could get them all together in a single day?
oh, yeah...
all right! we launch a surprise attack of our own!
he wouldn't possibly think that we would attack him,
so his guard should be down.
b-but we don't know where he is, right?
bulma, do you have your dragon radar with you?
that's right!
the ornament at the top of gohan-kun's hat was a dragon ball, huh?
that's it, that's it!
look! it's moving at tremendous speed!
it stopped!
thank goodness! he's not out in space, he's on earth!
all right, let's go! it's all or nothing! just hang on, gohan!
r-right! maybe we can win this! the possibility is slim, though...
if we're going to be killed either way, we'll feel better if we've done all we can.
this is too much for you guys!
pi<: <: olo! pi<: <: olo! pi
what are you doing here?
i followed him here.
you've already met him?
that's right.
if you go with those two, you won't be able to defeat him.
i will go with you.
you must have realized that his strength is extraordinary.
he's an opponent that neither you nor i can stand up to.
however...
if you and i team up, then there is a slight possibility that we...
can defeat him.
just what the hell has come over you?
don't get me wrong.
it's not as though i have become awakened to peace.
i don't care what happens to your son, either.
it's just that he stands in the way of the world domination that i am after!
we'll team up, but once we've taken care of him and his two pals...
i'm going to defeat you, and this time,
i intend to take over the world for sure!
i won't let you do that!
i won't let you do that, but up through that part where we team up, that's a good idea.
looks like there ain't any other way, huh?
that's right! we'll just have to put up with it.
as far as i'm concerned, teaming up with you makes me want to puke!
bulma, let me borrow your dragon radar.
right.
can you keep up with the speed of kinto un?
don't be absurd!
my own technique's a little different from that pathetic bukujutsu skill of yours.
i'm not sure whether i should be elated or not...
you know, i would have never thought that those two would team up!
there's certainly no stronger combo than them!
it's just possible that they might win!
b-but i wonder, is it safe for us to trust piccolo?
it's worrisome, isn't it?
what are you talking about?! this is going to be an incredible spectacle!
bulma! do you remember the location that reading was coming from on the radar?
we're going too!
i wonder if gohan-chan is havin' fun at muten roshi-sama's place.
oh, my!
he still hasn't finished doin' his developmental homework, has he?
i hope he'll be all right.
father, i'm scared!
will you shut up?! how long are you going to keep blubbering?!
you carry the valiant blood of the saiyans too!
get in there!
let me out! let me out!
let me out, i say!
now then, how about i go find something to eat?
that's strange. a warning signal...
a battle power of 710? it's close!
what?
damn. a malfunction, huh?
don't scare me like that.
we're close!
i think we'd better descend pretty soon.
that won't work! we're better off going in like this.
he's using a strange device.
it appears to be able to clearly tell the position
and even the strength of a target.
you mean the fact that we're closing in on him, too?
it stands to reason that he knows.
really? well, that means that the only thing we can do is attack him head-on!
again!
battle power 710.
sure enough, it's malfunctioning.
there are two readings!
they're heading this way!
one... two... battle powers 322 and 334...
one of them is the same as kakarrot's ability.
but there's no way he would be coming here.
he has to know that there's close to zero probability of him winning...
and he doesn't know where i am in the first place.
i've had it. it's completely malfunctioning.
it couldn't be!
he's here!
then it's not a malfunction?!
no! there's definitely some kind of mistake here!
it's not possible for a kid that small to have a battle power of 710!
so that's it. you're the other one, huh?
how did you know about this place?
you expect us to tell you?!
very well. i'll ask you a different question, then.
what the hell have you come here for?
it's obvious, ain't it?! we've come to take my boy back!
it's father!
which means...
even though you may be a saiyan, like us, you don't want to join our group?
that's what i said!
oww!
then you intend to defy your brother?
i ain't got any brothers!
kakarrot...
i thought you'd be more sharp-witted.
to think that you'd be as foolish as this... you disappoint me.
don't tell me you've made the ridiculous determination
that if the two of you attack me, you can win!
that's enough of your tiresome drivel.
piccolo, have you been training by wearing heavy stuff too?
yeah, just like you.
it's been a long time since i felt this light.
his battle power has gone up to 408!
i see. you've been desperately training yourself too, huh?
being able to fight together as allies for the time being like this is encouraging.
maybe now we can have ourselves a little bit better of a fight.
kakarrot is now at 416...
you guys think you've gotten all stronger by doing that?
what?!
don't make me laugh!
to think that you would stroll on in here with that kind of power!
this is what they mean when they say you don't know your place.
just being stronger in a fight ain't everything!
we've got ourselves a strategy!
i've had enough of your smart-mouth.
kakarrot, i've decided not to let you join our group any longer.
it appears you'd just slow us down, anyhow.
you're a disgrace to our family! die!
h-he's fast! what speed!
and he came at us head-on! for him to get behind us in that one moment!
your defense, at least, appears to be pretty strong.
however, your deaths are only a matter of time now.
little by little, i'm going to increase the strength of my attacks!
t-to think that the difference in our levels would be this great!
somehow, i have to grab his tail, and make his power drop!
it's hopeless! no matter what strategy you may have come up with,
there's no way you can beat me!
i know... why don't i let you in on something good before you die?
the two other saiyans besides me who are still alive have even higher battle powers than i do!
what unprecedented terror!
even if raditz is defeated, there are still even more powerful warriors?
there is nothing that goku and piccolo can do!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
in order to rescue gohan, who had been kidnapped by raditz,
goku and piccolo took off after them together.
however, in the face of the overwhelming power of raditz,
goku and piccolo had to take on a battle more difficult than any other before.
why don't i let you in on something good before you die?
the other two saiyans have a battle power even higher than mine!
"piccolo's trump card! gohan, the crybaby-kun."
d-dammit! you say the other two saiyans are even stronger?!
wh-what's going on here?
it's too late for you now, even if you do realize how terrible we saiyans are!
you've got us there. i wish we hadn't heard that.
there's only one thing that fools,
who defy me without heeding the warnings i so graciously offered, get...
and that's death.
you must be pretty excited, huh, son goku?
sorry, but this time, i ain't all that excited.
i'm so scared, i'm trembling!
of course you are! however, that terror will turn to hopelessness very soon.
never mind me, where is my son?!
where have you hidden him?!
i haven't hidden him. i just locked him up because he was bawling so loudly.
there's a hole behind you, right? he's in there.
in there, huh?
gohan...
father! save me, father!
hold on, gohan! daddy's going to come rescue you right away!
don't be ridiculous!
there's no way you can save him!
not if you guys die first!
all right, let's do it!
that's all we can do!
behind me!
yikes!
where did you 9q?!
i'm right here.
even with both of you coming at me, this isn't even worth wasting my breath on!
damn... are you okay, piccolo?
r-relax. i can still manage to fight with o-only one arm.
it looks like your deaths are finally drawing near, huh?!
l-i wonder if goku is doing okay.
for some reason, i have this strange, uneasy feeling in my chest.
i've never felt anything like this before.
i hope nothing bad is happening.
listen, teamed up with piccolo, he's not going to be done in so easily.
that's all the more reason to be concerned!
what if piccolo double-crosses goku, and teams up with that raditz guy?
if those two are done in, then there's nothing left that we can do.
it will be the end of everything!
goku...
what's the matter? are you finished already?
where did all that gusto you had earlier go?
hey, son goku, do you have any new reserve techniques?
sorry, can't say i do.
sheesh, ease up, will you?
and here i've been training seriously, developing something new.
what are you two whispering about?
whatever strategy you devise, it won't work!
it'd be easier on you if you'd just keel over right away.
are you for real? you've got yourself a new technique up your sleeve?
yeah.
can you do it with only one arm?
yeah, that part's okay.
but this technique takes quite a bit of time in order to build up enough ki.
while i'm doing that, you fight him by yourself, and draw his attention.
got it! will this technique work against him?
probably. if this doesn't work, then there's no other way to defeat him.
i was saving this in order to kill you.
and instead, you might end up saving me with it, huh?
if i am able to defeat him with this, then your turn is next.
is that right?
this is no time to be laughing, you know.
they're laughing... so they're changing their posture, are they?
all right, i'm looking forward to this!
now then, let's see about keeping him in check!
hang in there as best you can!
makankosappo'.!
so, you've finally resigned yourself?
you're a persistent one!
ka...
i-impossible!
his battle power is rising! battle power 924... 925!
ha...
he's able to concentrate his battle power into one point and raise it up?!
th-this one's battle power is now 1,020! u-unbelievable!
it's still going up!
n-ha!
you've got a lot of nerve!
he caught it!
wh-what kind of guy is this?
this time, i'll present you with one!
you're going to be the one who dies!
battle power 1,330?!
a-all of his battle power is gathered into just his fingertip!
dammit! these guys can manipulate their powers at will!
try taking this on! makankosappo!
h-he avoided it! wh-what kind of bastard is he, with such speed?
you pierced through this armor quite easily.
that's quite a technique.
if i had taken that head-on, i would have been out!
that doesn't mean anything if i don't hit you!
to think that you would inflict injury upon me!
you're going to pay for this! i'm through playing around!
w-we've had it now!
i'll obliterate you in an instant!
rot in hell!
you got careless, didn't you?!
i've got your tail!
why, you... when did you get behind me?!
piccolo! now! do that thing one more time!
y-you got it!
nicely done, goku! keep a firm grip on that tail!
i'm limited to only being able to use this technique one more time.
k-kakarrot! are you planning to kill your one and only brother?!
shut up! i told you, any guy as cruel as you are ain't any brother of mine!
as someone who was going to kill my son, don't you go saying that self-serving junk!
l-i'll stop! i've had a change of heart!
i'll leave this planet without making any more trouble!
don't be fooled, son goku! there's no truth in what he's saying!
there's no way he would do that!
p-please! believe me, my younger brother!
truly, i have done some cruel things up to now!
to you, as well... but i will keep my promise, no matter what!
y-you really mean it?
l-i really do!
n-no! don't let go of his tail! that's his tactic!
i'm begging you, kakarrot! b-believe me!
son goku!
y-you miserable idiot!
indeed! fools such as yourself are quite uncommon!
to think that you would be so completely taken in!
just as i thought, there's no way that you could be a warrior!
th-that was dirty!
but i'm not like you. i'm a first-rate warrior!
i have absolutely no hesitations about killing you, even if you are my brother!
shall i provide you with a sample?
father .
there you go, there you go! suffer even more! your death is near!
what's the matter? aren't you going to come at me?
try doing that thing you did earlier!
h-he'll just dodge it again like this!
father .
that gohan! i told him that once he gets his tests back,
he should show them to me.
still, you've done very well, gohan.
sure enough, it's worth it for him to be studyin' every day for eight hours.
once i show this to goku, i'm sure he'll say the same thing.
i sure wish goku and gohan would both get back soon.
scream some more! cry out!
your turn comes next!
get yourself ready!
well now, shall i finally put you out of your misery?
die, kakarrot!
wh-what?
what?!
with his father in a great pinch, son gohan instinctively springs forth!
though his body may be small, his anger is something fierce!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
even against goku and piccolo, the strongest combo in the world,
the strength of raditz was overwhelming!
and so, unable to do anything, goku was faced with a crisis.
however, at that moment...
"goku dies! there's only one last chance."
wh-what is this?!
l-it's son goku's boy...
i-impossible!
g-gohan!
r-run, gohan!
run away!
b-battle power...
one thousand... one thousand three hundred seven?!
stop picking on...
my father!
g-gohan?
father?
did you...?
father .
y-you little brat!
r-run!
gohan, run away!
run away! quickly!
n-now his battle power is a mere one?
it changed suddenly, along with his emotions.
father .
run!
gohan!
gohan!
s-stop! please stop! he's... still just a child? is that what you were going to say?
you've got to be joking! that brat has a battle power far higher than you two!
i'm going to kill him now, while he's still incapable of adeptly using his power.
don't worry. you'll see him again soon enough!
in the other world, that is.
wait!
you're the first one who has inflicted this much damage on me.
but this is the end of the line for you.
wh-why, you...!
you still have this much power left?!
piccolo!
hurry! do that technique from earlier!
i've been getting it ready, just in case!
but it's still going to take... a little bit more time!
why didn't you grab his tail?!
if he decided to, he could cut off his tail on his own!
y-you knew about that?
piccolo! hurry!
hurry it up, please!
damn! thanks to the blow that kid landed on me... my power has dropped!
l-let me go, kakarrot! you idiot!
you're going to get it too, clinging to me like this!
i'm going to die together with you!
y-you're what?!
are you out of your mind?!
this is the only way there is to defeat you!
son goku!
i'm not going to hesitate here.
if i can wipe you out as well, nothing could be better for me!
but then again,
your friends will probably just bring you back to life with the dragon balls.
piccolo... still not yet? my ribs are broken!
h-hurry!
o-one thousand four hundred eighty-five?!
l-let me go! i was in the wrong! i-i'll never come to this planet again!
y-you think you can fool me again?
it's no lie! don't you believe the word of your own older brother?!
piccolo! hurry and do it!
sorry to keep you waiting. are you ready for this?!
do it!
w-wait!
makankosappo'.!
stop!
d-damn it to hell!
damn... to think that l... would be done in... by these guys!
t-take that!
wh-who would have thought... that kakarrot...
w-would even lay down... his own life...
you idiot...
son goku can come back to life right away.
wh-what?!
we have these nice things called dragon balls here on this planet.
by asking of them, any desire one may have can become possible.
bringing the dead back to life, for example.
damn it all...
still, you've told me something good...
the entire situation up until now...
has been communicated to m-my two pals, deep in space.
what?
they know that i've been done in...
and they will be sure to come here...
to handle not only you...
but to completely mop up...
e-every last person on this planet, in the blink of an eye.
and while they're at it...
maybe they'll use those whatever-you-called-them things...
and have me brought back to life.
th-those...
other two...
when will they get here?
one year... just one year from now...
one year? two more of you... who are even stronger?
your chances of winning will be absolutely zero that time for sure...
enjoy yourselves as much as you can for the next year...
it was a short-lived joy, wasn't it?
you guys are no more than worms, after all...
right now, goku-sa and the others must be havin' a good time at the kame house.
i wonder if gohan is adjustin' okay to them...
still, he'll be okay.
that boy's got good manners.
i wish i had gone, too...
gohan-chan!
pa!
chichi, where's gohan-chan?
hey, gohan-chan!
i brung you a whole mess of presents...!
pa!
i think it was around here somewhere.
you're out of your misery now.
you just had to go and spit out all of that uncalled-for blather.
son goku, he's dead.
there's somebody there!
some of them are down!
th-the only one standing is...
piccolo!
wh-what the hell?
at that same time, a great distance away in space...
that miserable raditz...
he's dead.
he's pathetic! i mean, really...
for him to be killed by someone
with a battle power of just a bit more than a thousand!
what should we do? put this planet on hold and go there?
they mentioned something... interesting, didn't they?
"dragon... balls," or something.
yeah. it sounds like they can grant any wish.
all right then, let's go.
we're going to bring raditz back to life, right?
don't make jokes! we don't need that good-for-nothing any more.
we won't ever grow any older,
but instead have eternal youth. how does that sound?
if that were so, we could enjoy fighting forever!
i get you. that would be great!
that's how it happened.
l-i see...
goku! goku, i say!
hey, goku! stay with us!
gohan-kun is fine. he's just unconscious.
thank .
goodness...
he's coming around.
goku...
chichi won't... chew me out...
son-kun...
k... uririn...
this dying stuff... it's pretty... n-nasty, ain't it?
y-you might say that.
wh-what are you saying, goku?! d-don't give up!
this isn't like you!
goku!
th-this time... it doesn't look... so good for me...
d-don't worry! we'll bring you back to life right away!
i'm... counting... on it...
goku...
goku!
goku!
everything else aside, kakarrot's son's battle power...
was unusually high, compared to saiyan children.
it could have been some kind of mistake, couldn't it?
no, there's no mistake.
raditz did actually take a great deal of damage from that kid's strike.
apparently, when our blood is mixed with an earthling's,
it results in a hybrid with mighty power.
hmph, a super saiyan, you mean?
i get it. if we were to produce those guys one after another,
then once again, saiyan rule will no longer be a dream.
you've got to be kidding.
just watch those guys grow and gain even greater power for themselves.
then it will be our positions that are in danger.
that would be true.
in any case,
we will exterminate everyone on earth.
three days should be enough for that.
until then, let's have ourselves a good, long sleep for the first time in a while.
yeah! i'll look forward to seeing you in a year!
goku!
goku!
goku...
son-kun! i can't stand you dying!
goku!
he vanished!
i get it. this is kami's doing.
this is something he would be capable of.
that bastard.
he's thinking of using son goku again for some nonsense or other.
some nonsense?
how does kami-sama intend to use son goku?
now that goku is no longer here to rely on,
is there any means left of defending the earth?
the mighty saiyans arrive on earth in one year!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
do it!
makankosappo'.!
sacrificing his own life, goku saved the earth and his own son from raditz.
however, the death of raditz
has caused the two strongest saiyans to head for earth.
one year remains before they arrive.
this dying stuff... it's pretty nasty... ain't it?
don't worry, goku! we'll bring you back to life right away!
i'm... counting... on it...
goku...
goku!
goku!
he vanished!
"even yama-sama is surprised... the fight continues in the next world."
he vanished?
this is kami's doing, i'll bet.
this is something he would be capable of.
i wonder what he intends to do with him.
nevertheless, if it is kami-sama, then we can relax.
in any case, we need to hurry and gather the other six balls,
and bring goku back to life.
good grief! at a critical time like this,
i wonder where yamucha and the others have gone off to!
you were the one who chased him away, weren't you?
but then again, how did son-kun's brother know where he was so easily?
it's that strange device he has attached to his face.
it seems to be able to tell an opponent's strength and location.
kuririn?
right.
here.
that thing, huh? kuririn, remove it, would you?
s-sure. h-he's not about to come back to life or anything, right?
so this here does that...
this is an incredible mechanism!
it's a little bit damaged, but i think i can do something with it.
you sure are incredible, bulma-san.
once i take this back, study it, and make some alterations,
we just might be able to find out where yamucha and tenshinhan and the others are.
whatever we do, let's go back to the kame house for the time being.
right. there's nothing more we can do here, huh?
okay then, right after that, i'll go looking for the dragon balls.
piccolo, what do you plan to...
just like a lizard's tail!
you guys search for the dragon balls.
kami doesn't have the kind of power it takes to restore life.
however, i'm going to be taking charge of son goku's son there.
what?
you're kidding, right?! what do you plan to do with him?!
i know what it is!
you're planning to eat him, huh?!
eat him?!
wh-what are you going to do?
this gohan kid should give us some powerful fighting potential,
depending on the training he gets.
for us to confront the two saiyans who are to arrive here in another year,
we're going to need his power.
to that end, i'm going to have to train him.
y-you can't seriously be saying that...
i'm not sure if that's going to be agreeable, you know?
we'll first have to take it up with goku, as well as his mother, chichi...
we don't have the time to spare for that!
keep up that bickering, and i'll take him away, even if it means killing you to do so!
after a year has passed, i'll be coming to your house, together with this kid.
when son goku comes back to life, tell him he can wait in expectation until then.
i don't know... i don't know about this...
he's going to die! even if he's lucky, he's still going to become a delinquent!
goku and chichi-san are going to be upset.
and so, about that same time, in the other world...
okay, okay, all of you spirits, please remain orderly in line!
okay, you there! do not form two lines!
be sure to maintain one orderly line, please!
and that is why i have brought him here as flesh and blood,
to ask that he be allowed to train.
if you please, great king yama-sama, allow him to call on kaio-sama.
son goku, huh? indeed, his achievements have been outstanding.
so you're asking that someone
who could go to heaven be allowed to put himself at risk of danger,
travel the serpentine road, and meet with kaio-sama, then?
yes.
say, does everyone come here when they die?
that's right.
even aliens?
mm-hmm. all who die have judgment passed upon them here,
to determine whether they are to go to heaven or hell.
hey! just a little bit before me, did a guy named raditz wash up here?
n-now look here! you need to say "did he come through?"
he was here, all right. he was your brother, huh?
he's now hell-bound, of course.
didn't he raise a commotion?
he did, he did! he did raise a commotion, but i put him down!
you sure are strong, huh? you took care of somebody that awesome?
maybe i should get pops here to train me!
shh! your voice is too loud!
you shouldn't be addressing yama-sama in that tone!
but...
keep quiet! kaio-sama is even stronger.
i heard that, kami of earth!
when you die, maybe i ought to send you to hell.
p-please forgive me! surely, i never thought that would reach your ears!
i should have expected as much of someone who has "the devil's own ears."
just kidding!
you've got no sense of humor, huh?
nope.
very well. if you wish to go that badly, you may go to where kaio-sama is.
th-thank you very much.
i'll call a guide over for you. leave through there and wait for him.
okay!
however... i can't be responsible for you if you fall from the serpentine road.
all right then, good luck. this whole year will be a challenge, after all.
right! i ain't sure what's going on, but anyhow, i'll go see this kaio-sama guy.
thanks! say hi to mister popo for me!
then again, our earth has drawn the attention of some rather egregious folks.
we might indeed be in for some real trouble this time.
even if we were to petition shen long to dispose of them,
he probably wouldn't be able to win out against the incredible power of the saiyans.
even if son goku does get trained by kaio-sama,
just how much will he improve?
our one and only salvation is goku's son. how is piccolo going to raise son gohan?
and in this limited time, how will...
shut up!
you're disturbing me! would you go home already?!
hey, what's taking so long?
e-excuse me! please excuse me!
thank you for your patience.
i will now guide you to where the head of the serpent is.
the serpentine road is very long! are you in healthy shape?
nope. i'm dead, so i ain't in very healthy shape at all, am i?
say, what kind of person is kaio-sama?
ah yes, kaio-sama is the gentleman
that stands above all the kami-sama throughout the universe.
i'm sure he must be strong, then!
we can't very well not say anything about this to chichi.
kuririn, go on over there and explain the situation to her for us.
m-me?!
she appears to be an education-minded mama, so you're going to get killed for sure.
hello? hello?
aloha! turtle-chan is currently not at home.
if there's something i can do for you, please wait until the sound of the beep...
well, i never! where have they gone off to?!
and here i've come all this way to see my grandson...
knowin' goku-sa and those others,
they're teachin' gohan how to do somethin' dangerous, i'm sure of it!
well, that's okay, ain't it? children should be a li'l bit naughty.
nothin' doin'!
if they're up to that and his mind goes numb on him, then what are we goin' to do?!
don't be silly!
no, if he goes learnin' the martial arts,
before long, he'll get kicked in the chin or somethin',
and he'll get himself thrown into the ocean!
and then, and then, a man-eater will catch his scent, or perhaps,
he'll drift ashore to some uninhabited island!
he'll get hungry, and as he's tryin' to grab some bananas,
he'll get bitten by a snake,
and the poison will circulate to his brain, and then... and then...
after his mind has gone numb, what will we do?!
okay, we're here.
this is the serpentine road, then?
yes.
what do i do from here?
earnestly press on as you travel along this serpent, if you please.
it leads to where kaio-sama is. yes indeed.
it sure looks long.
yes. according to legend, it's approximately one million kilos long.
a million kilos?! has anyone ever reached the end?
as i recall, in the last billion years, great king yama has been the only one, yes indeed.
that older guy, huh?
well, even so, as long as there's someone who has reached the end,
i might be able to manage something too.
please be absolutely careful not to fall off into the clouds.
after all, beneath the clouds is where hell is, and you will never return again.
oh, really?
rats, i should have brought a bento lunch or something.
that's all right, sir. you are already dead,
so i doubt there's any chance of you starving to death. yes indeed.
oh, yeah!
okay, then...
oh, that's right! i have a favor i'd like to ask!
do you know uranai baba?
yes. she comes by once in a while.
thank goodness! the next time she comes, right?
ask her to tell old timer turtle hermit not to bring me back to life for one year for me.
understood. let's see, one year... the turtle hermit-sama, right?
okay, guess i'll go now.
so in short, all i have to do is not fall off the snake, right?
yes, be sure not to.
bukujutsu'.!
that's cheating...
wake up already, son of son goku!
we need to talk. come up out of the water!
who are you? father?
father! where are you?! save me! father! father!
father! i'm scared! i'm scared!
sheesh, you dirty brat!
don't give me any trouble!
stop your bawling! if you don't get quiet, i'm going to snap your neck!
ready? listen close to what i have to say.
first, your father has died.
you remember a little bit of that, right? in order to defeat that man,
he sacrificed himself.
r-run away, gohan! run away!
father .
whoa, now, don't you cry! i really will snap your neck!
you've heard about the dragon balls from your father, right?
goku's friends should be gathering them to bring him back to life.
however, that's not what the problem is.
we managed to deal with the guy who kidnapped you, but in a year from now,
it seems that some even more terrible friends of his will be coming.
once they do, then even with having son goku returned to life,
there's absolutely no chance of us winning with just him and myself.
we need your power too.
train yourself to learn the tactics of fighting, and defend the earth!
me? you can't mean it! i can't fight at all!
apparently, you still haven't realized it yourself.
the power that you have locked within you is something else.
that's why we're going to draw out that power through training,
until you can use it effectively.
it can't be... i don't have any power like that.
you want to see some proof?
wh-what are you doing?!
ow! that hurts! that hurts! stop it! that hurts!
that hurts! stop it! it hurts! it hurts! it hurts!
here you go!
come on! show me that power you have locked away!
wh-what them?
wh-what a surprise! this is more than i imagined!
i've got mixed feelings about this.
here i am about to raise someone
who could turn out to be my most fearsome opponent in the future.
that's... what i did?
that's right. looks like you've more or less realized it now.
when your emotions become considerably raised,
the natural power that you have locked up inside you is exhibited.
however, it only lasts for an instant. we can't beat them like that!
i'm going to drill into you the way to fight,
and turn you into the greatest warrior ever. you got that?
but i don't want to learn to be a martial artist.
i want to be a great scholar.
so become one. just do it after we've defeated the two saiyans
who will be coming in a year.
they're planning to exterminate every person on earth.
if they do that, your future's not going to be worth crap, is it?
but i'm scared...
stop your griping! you want to get killed right now?!
we don't have time! we're going to begin right now!
take off your tunic immediately!
once father comes back to life, i want to be taught by father.
that's too bad. he certainly is strong, but he's not at all cut out to be a teacher.
he doesn't have any of the firmness it takes to handle others.
you can easily tell that just by looking at how spoiled you are!
huh?
uh oh, i've used up too much strength, and now i can't fly any more.
his own son's grief aside,
goku presses on in earnest along the long road in search of kaio-sama's guidance.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
great king yama-sama, please allow this man to travel to kaio-sama.
earnestly press on as you travel along this serpent, if you please.
it leads to where kaio-sama is.
we managed to deal with the guy who kidnapped you, but in a year from now,
it seems that some even more terrible friends of his will be coming.
we need your power too.
train yourself to learn the tactics of fighting, and defend the earth!
son gohan, the weakling with a great power buried within him.
what kind of training will piccolo be assigning him?
"survival with dinosaurs! gohan's harsh training."
what should i do for training?
wh-what should i do to train?
to begin with, you don't need to do anything. just live.
live?
right. try surviving all by yourself without anything happening to you.
if you can survive without incident for six months, i'll teach you how to fight.
six months, by myself, in this place?
no way! i'll die of loneliness!
you won't be lonesome.
this place is teaming with beasts that are thirsting for blood.
no, don't do this! don't leave me here!
right now, you don't have time to be spoiled!
but...
survive somehow for the next six months, and make yourself tougher,
both physically and mentally.
do not forget that you hold the key to earth's fate in your hand.
believe in your own power.
and learn some way to effectively draw out that power.
but l...
see you later. oh, right, right.
don't think about trying to escape from here.
this place is surrounded by nothing but expansive hellish desert.
in other words,
it's a world of death that's enough to make this place look like heaven.
wait! where is there any food? what about baths?
what about a bed? what about books, and notebooks, and pencils, and...
you think there's any of that arranged for you here, sonny boy?
oh, no!
that's horrible!
if you have to blame something, then blame your own fate. the way i do.
wait!
i'm scared! don't leave me here!
kami-sama look strange. something wrong?
sure enough, there's something different about piccolo from how he was before.
he's still unmistakably evil,
but i sense that the devious abrasiveness he had in the past is fading away.
popo thinks so too. the old daimao not make son goku's son strong.
what made me clearly realize that there was something strange about piccolo...
was that when son goku's brother raditz was killed by him,
his spirit went right to the other world.
up until now, whenever anyone was killed by the demon clan,
their spirit had been unable to pass beyond,
and they drifted through the air, as they suffered.
did a guy named raditz wash up here?
yeah, he was here all right.
and yet, since raditz had gone to the other world,
piccolo is clearly different from how he was before.
you mean piccolo has good heart?
perhaps he realizes it too.
my life... and thus piccolo's life... has only one more year left in it.
one more year?
whether it's because piccolo will be killed by the saiyans that are to arrive in another year,
or whether it's because that is when my lifetime will run out, i do not know.
kambsama...
my death means death for piccolo, and piccolo's death means death for me.
even being kami, it is not a pleasant thing to know the time when one's death will come.
he has to be sensing it too.
maybe he just wants to leave something of himself behind,
even if it is to son goku's son.
then, possibility of using dragon balls...
this next time will be the last one.
i'm scared!
ee-yow!
wait up!
you didn't have to go around my neck like that.
i had no idea at all that gohan was as strong as all that.
he is my son, after all...
that's right! i don't have to run along the entire road at all, huh?
all right then!
at this rate, i'll get there in no time!
that was close, that was close! that's hell there beneath the clouds.
son goku has... unfortunately... been killed.
i wonder if the shock will be too much like that.
um, i'm terribly sorry, but goku will not be returning,
and has entered his eternal sleep.
then again, he is coming back to life, huh?
that's it! i'll do it cheerfully! yeah!
goku died, but he's coming back to life right away, so don't worry.
kuririn!
g-g-good afternoon.
what are you doing out here, mumbling to yourself?
w-well, you see, um... as it happens...
heya! it's been a while!
g-good afternoon... that's nice of you...
aren't you together with goku-sa and the others?
yeah, um, the truth is, goku has d-d...
d-d-d...
what?
d-don't worry, he says!
what's that? so he is goin' to be late?
yeah, um, yes. the truth is, the late goku will not be returning...
he said he's not comin' home?
er, no, he'll be returning to us very soon...
i don't get what it is you're sayin'!
now, now, it's no good to stand here talkin' like this!
come on in the house! come on, come on!
i can't wait to see my grandson's happy face!
i ain't even seen him in over a year now.
i bet he's gotten a lot bigger, huh?
i can't handle this. i can't tell them. not that he won't be back for a year...
nobody's told me anythin', so i called the kame house earlier,
but nobody was there.
y-yeah, come to mention it,
everyone's gone off to some uninhabited island somewhere to play.
that must be it.
you wouldn't be able to reach them there... would you?
but goku-sa and them will be back by nighttime, yeah?
y-yeah... i suppose...
goku-sa aside, gohan has his studyin', you know? he can't just skip it.
you know, goku-sa can't do anythin' as a parent!
don't go gettin' so jumpy, chichi. this is goku we're talkin' about.
he'll be sure to bring him home. just relax.
really? you're right. good. they'll probably be comin' back hungry,
so i better go make some dinner.
um...
i should be heading on back soon...
b-but why? you just barely got here, didn'cha?
you could wait here until goku-sa and gohan get back.
at least have some dinner first!
b-but i have things to attend to...
look, don't worry, don't worry.
mother!
help! somebody help!
i can't get down!
come on, come on, they're goin' to burn!
eat up, eat "p!
before long, goku will be bringin' gohan home!
i can't stand for this any longer!
ogre spirits.
one crazy dancer drink.
sure, sure...
here's my check.
thanks for coming. here's your change.
10,000... 20,000... 30,000... 40,000... i'm 10,000 short.
i beg your pardon.
h-how creepy!
and so, he said he does not wish to be brought back to life for one year.
i see. and i should tell this to the turtle guy?
yes. please be sure not to forget.
goku is a curious one, huh? he still wants to become stronger?
damn... that guy lied to me!
he said i wouldn't get hungry, but here i am, hungry!
i'm scared and cold!
i'm so hungry i could die!
apples! some apples fell down! how lucky!
oh well...
yuck, they' re sour!
i want some juice or something to drink! i want to eat shao mai dumplings!
i want my mother's curry!
dirty brat! give me trouble, will you?
i'm scared!
now listen, this is the last time i lend you a hand...
from here on, if you are unable to survive, then that's all you're worth as a kid.
exhausted, son gohan sleeps.
there's no way he could have known
that one of his moments of destiny was drawing near.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
barely a year remained until the time of the raid on earth by the pair of saiyans.
son goku, having gone over to the other world, was eagerly proceeding
down the serpentine road in order to be trained by kaio-sama, the mightiest of gods.
elsewhere, his son gohan had been left to himself on a wide plain by piccolo.
dirty brat! give me trouble, will you?
however, this is the last time i lend you a hand!
from here on, if you are unable to survive, then that's all you're worth as a kid!
"a great transformation on a moonlit night! the secret of gohan's power."
mother...
i can't do anythin' at all with goku-sa!
i'm sure that right now, he's keepin' gohan up, no doubt about it!
and right now is the most important time for him, too!
with everyone gathered at the kame house,
there's not a single person who can serve as a good example for gohan!
goku-sa has to know that it's not good for him from an educational standpoint!
i can see from this how gohan's future is goin' to be.
i've really had it this time.
there's no way that i can tell them that goku has died now...
i guess that for me to return to the kame house would be best for now.
goku-sa...
eat some more. we've got barbecued elephant this time...
no need to be shy. you can start by gnawin' on its head...
goku...
nobody would have been able to tell them, right?
wah! it's too bright!
i can't get down! and i'm hungry!
if you're hungry, you can just climb down from there and find something to eat.
what? you couldn't tell them?
i'm very sorry.
don't tell me you didn't say anything!
no...
what's the use? geez, you're so spineless!
th-that's easy for you to say, but if any normal person saw chichi-san's face,
they'd be unable to tell her!
oh? so you're saying that i'm no normal person?!
th-that's not what i meant...
well, i suppose it's no surprise.
but we can't just keep quiet like this.
if we wrote her a letter explaining what happened, perhaps she would understand.
r-right! that will work!
by the way, kuririn, what about the dragon balls?
there were two of them at son-kun's house, right?
i forgot.
you're good for nothing!
i wonder what happened to kuririn.
chichi, don't get so worked-up, i tell ya. kuririn was just...
pa, would you shut up?!
he told me he'd be sure to be back by nighttime!
goku ain't been to the kame house in a long time.
he must've just accidentally lost track of time talkin' about the old days!
that may be fine for goku-sa, but gohan has his cram school!
d-don't be silly! gohan is four years old!
it won't hurt for him to skip just one day of cram school.
you're too soft, pa!
in these coming times, it's those who can study that will win out!
chichi! chichi! i ain't fastened in!
i wonder if this is it...
hey there, it's finally finished!
how nice of you guys to be napping around at a time like this!
now then, you there, grandpa turtle, stand on up.
g-grandpa turtle?
i changed the display numbers to make it easier to understand.
let's see, 139...
139? i'm not as young as that!
this is the number that represents your strength, muten roshi-sama.
the number that represents my strength? whoa, that's an incredible device.
it can even tell that?
b-bulma-san, what would my number be?
amazing! it says 206!
muten roshi-sama, i really have surpassed you, huh?
h-hey, are you sure it's not malfunctioning?
malfunctioning?
that could not be.
just 0.001!
it's not malfunctioning, all right!
yahoo!
is that right?
i don't mean to brag, but when it comes to my skills...
hey! hey!
who could it be, this early?
hey, i say, hey! hey!
hey! hey!
who's out here calling to us so unusually?
itlg h !
y-you're that guy who was at karin-sama's place, as i recall... armadillo!
that's yajirobe, ya dumb bastard! i'll just betcha ya got my name wrong on purpose!
what're ya doin' buildin' a house way out here?
makes it a real hassle to find.
i came here at karin's askin' to give ya a message.
a message from karin-sama?
"i know the whole situation," he says.
so you, along with that yamucha guy,
and that ten-whatever-guy and chaozu are to come immediately.
everyone is to go to karin tower?
what for?
kami-sama, see, is gonna give us trainin', he says. i'm in there with ya too.
r-really?!
yeah. for my part,
i told 'em that i don't wanna fight no whatever-their-face-is aliens,
but they says i gotta do it no matter what. i've had it with 'em.
u-understood! i'll go find everyone and head there right away!
catch ya later. i told ya everythin', that's for sure.
oh yeah, right. i forgot.
goku says not to bring him back to life 'fore those enemies come.
wh-why not?
he says he's gonna train in the other world.
if ya wanna know details,
some old hag named uranai baba's supposed to be along pretty soon. ask her.
wh-what? when?
t-training in the other world?
o-of all things!
huh?
he turned around again.
it's a different kind of plane.
ahoy! m uten roshi-sama!
it's chichi and gyumao!
muten roshi-sama, what do we do?!
i still haven't written their letter!
muten roshi-sama, it's been a terribly long time! have you been well?
l-i suppose so.
y-yikes... y-yikes...
my goku-sa and gohan are supposed to be here!
where are they? are they inside the house?
u-um, the f-fact of the matter is...
he was taken away by piccolo daimao?!
wh-what happened to goku?!
he d-died...
chichi! steady!
hey! hey!
let me down!
hey!
they're gone...
mother... father... i can't get down...
what have we here?
you don't have to run away.
i won't do anything mean to you.
hold on...
ah, so that's how you get down. but still...
i want to get down!
urinating, huh?
why is this happening to me?
why is it this bright out?
it's the moon!
wow! it's completely round!
this is the first time i've ever seen a full moo...
what is it?
what?!
i-impossible!
what's going on?! he's got extraordinary destructive power!
a-at this rate, earth will be annihilated before the saiyans even get here!
how can this be?
don't play stupid!
it is when the moon is at its fullest that we saiyans are at our best, you know!
that's it!
it's the full moon!
get lost!
t-to think that he could transform! it must be his saiyan blood.
i get the feeling that i've discovered the secret to him and son goku's strength.
looks like blowing the moon away was the right thing to do.
i shudder to think of those saiyan guys turning into monsters like that.
he said something or other about their tails,
but it appears that both the tails and a full moon are required to transform.
maybe i'll pull out his tail, too.
there's no need to worry about him transforming like this,
but saiyan tails seem to be their weak spots.
all right, then.
i think i'll provide him clothes and a sword at no charge...
i'll let you have the same design as your father's.
although the character may be a little different.
i have to go do my own training. i'm leaving now.
if you can survive here without anything happening to you for six months,
i, piccolo-same, will personally put you through some hellish training!
so much so that you'll come to believe you'd be better off dying!
brace yourself!
i'll also turn you into an outstanding demon clansman!
the goal is to bring down the saiyans. separated by time and space,
the harsh trials that both the sleeping father and son must face, continue on and on.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the saiyans were to arrive on earth in one year.
gohan was endeavoring to survive on his own on the high plains
in order to confront the saiyans.
elsewhere, goku intently runs on in the other world, in an attempt to meet kaio-sama.
the trials that await the two of them have just begun.
"sorry, robot-san... the desert of vanishing tears."
huh? when did i happen to get down from that cliff?
last night, i was looking at the moon, and then...
and then, i don't remember anything.
oh, well.
i need to wash my face.
something sure is weird!
huh? wha...? huh? it's gone! my tail!
i wonder if it got pulled off while i was asleep.
huh?
my clothes have changed!
huh? that's strange.
don't come over here! huh? a sword?
stay back!
don't! i don't want to do this, you know!
why are they just after me?!
i don't taste very good!
help!
oh, i'm so hungry! ain't there anything to eat?
that's a picture of a vimana, from the nemurian civilization!
it's just like the one that tried to catch me.
a 3-s series prototype. this is an incredibly old capsule robot.
who's there? i was sleeping so pleasantly.
l-it spoke!
who is it that's there?
m-my name... is son gohan!
don't talk so loudly. sand will fall down here at even the slightest vibration.
i'm son gohan.
son gohan...
mister, what are you doing here?
that's no business of yours. turn off my switch and leave here at once.
leave here?
there is an exit behind me.
all right!
i'm saved!
wait! turn off my switch before you go.
sorry about that.
thanks, mister.
mister!
it's no good going that way!
y-you fool! don't talk so loudly!
i can't get down from there.
is that any of my concern?
but...
i told you not to turn on my switch, didn't i? i wish to remain asleep.
but still...
hurry up and go.
i can't get down from there! i'll die!
don't q-y!
don't cry. that exit is the only one.
if you want to survive, jump down from there.
you don't mean it!
why are you acting like such a baby?
if you stay here, you'll just be buried in sand.
hurry up and go.
are you gone?
ah, son gohan! my switch! turn off my switch before you go!
he left without turning off my switch. i'm just wasting my energy like this.
mister?
y-you're still there?
mister, your visual sensors are damaged, huh?
i'll fix them for you.
s-stop it!
stop! mind your own business! i don't need visual sensors any more! s-stop!
can you see now?
there's no point in you doing this. hmm, you're still a child, aren't you?
i'm surprised that someone like you would be in a dangerous place like this.
right, see? there's no way i could jump down from that place, you see?
unless you want to die here, you should be able to.
but mister, if you'd just cooperate with me!
do not turn to me!
and don't turn on my switch again. you got that?
now, turn off my switch, and then get out of here. i wish to sleep quietly.
hurry now, turn off my switch.
mother...
is it okay if i eat all of this?
i can still eat more and more!
mister!
wake up!
again? i told you not to wake me.
th-there's a scorpion!
there's bound to be one or two scorpions around.
i'm scared.
turn off my switch. don't make me say the same thing over and over.
but... hurry up.
oh, i am so hungry!
i wonder if i can eat these clouds.
it's me. i'm hungry.
cut it out already. don't turn on my switch over such trivial things!
but...
there's no reason for there to be anything to eat here, is there?
scorpions and snakes are about all the things you can eat around here.
don't q-y!
i'm hungry!
don't use such a loud voice! you'll be buried too.
a-all right, but just this once.
let's see. at this time of year, inside this cave...
go search all the deeper corners.
right.
ah, i've eaten! i've eaten!
i found some, i found some!
all of this.
then you don't need me anymore, right? turn off my switch.
but i can't eat these raw.
you won't be able to survive in these plains like that.
mister, you have a cooking system, huh?
i read so in a robot picture book.
you're a 3-s type all-purpose capsule robot c-6, right mister?
it says in my picture book that you're quite a superior robot.
w-well, i guess so. shall i fry those up for you?
open up my head.
right.
set it down inside.
right.
close it. right.
what kind of flavor do you want? chinese-style? western-style?
my mother's style!
how should i know what that is?
it's done.
yow-ow-ow...
mister, it's too hot.
am i to blame for that as well?
i humbly accept this food.
how is it that you're in this sort of place? this is yucky.
i'm lost. i want to go back to my mother's place, but i don't know what i should do.
that is rough, huh?
it's not possible for a little kid like you to cross the desert.
having said that, it will be even harder for you to live in this desert.
mister, what is it that brought you here?
an accident.
an accident?
it was an investigation into excavating these ruins.
no sooner had i found this place than, hmm, i ended up like this.
the ground around here is not very firm, so earthquakes are constantly occurring.
i've been here in the sand ever since.
this nemurian temple was a great discovery, wasn't it?
how do you know about that?
it said so in a picture book. anyhow, there might be someone else
who comes searching the area that helps us out, huh?
it's been eighty years now since i've been buried in the sand.
(he)', what are you doing?!
i'm going... to get you... out of here, mister!
stop that! i want to stay with this city!
mind your own business! leave me alone like this!
you can leave here together with me!
don't worry about me.
i can store up energy and leap out of here all at once. stop!
i'm losing my balance!
watch out!
get out of here, quickly! the cave is collapsing!
but... hurry and get to the exit!
you don't want to die, do you?
you come with me too, mister!
that's all right. i will turn out okay. i'm a superior 3-s type, after all.
hurry and get going'.!
there, it's settled down. go now, while you can!
don't cause me any more trouble!
right...
now, summon up your courage and jump with all your might.
what's the matter? son gohan!
(jump! jump, i 53)'!
all right!
i have to turn off your switch!
you fool! don't come back!
mister!
son gohan...
it appears you're okay, right?
the exit has been blocked.
son gohan... listen to me...
open up my head and connect the blue wire to the red wire.
do it quickly. right.
if you don't hurry, the ceiling is going to come down!
dammit, my energy is beginning to leak out...
i've connected them!
damn it all!
mister!
power at full! now, son gohan!
mister!
take care of yourself.
mister!
mister!
mister...
this is all my fault!
son... gohan...
thank goodness! you're still alive!
more or less. but it appears that my energy is all used up.
never mind about that, hurry up and go on.
mister!
don't cry, even when you're all alone.
you can't rely on anyone else around here if you're going to survive.
no!
hush, would you? i can't take any more. be... quiet...
mister?
mister!
wake up! mister! mister, wake up!
mister!
goku and gohan... what sort of adventures await them next?
the saiyans are closing in with every passing moment!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
day by day, gohan continues to grow. however, he still has far to go.
the saiyans arrive in eleven months.
"don't cry, gohan! his first fight."
oh, no! it's night already!
all right, now...
mother!
it doesn't hurt, it doesn't hurt!
this is what works best.
no, father! let's go home and take some medicine!
it'll be fine. here.
it hurts! it hurts!
all right, one more to go!
looks like it's all over.
i would've liked to have gone up against that guy one more time.
oh, well...
you're not very cheerful, huh?
you, huh?
hitting three consecutive home runs is incredible, isn't it?
is there something you're not satisfied with?
i'm not a baseball player. i'm a martial artist.
i know that, but unless you have a job, you can't make a living, right?
all right! lucky, lucky! yamucha-san?
after the next guy, you'll be up! i'll be counting on you to smash it!
there's a bonus in it for you!
sure. just leave it to me, coach.
i'll be sure to hit a home run, just you watch.
t-two million zeni?! damn, that's a lot...
i'm counting on you!
sure, sure.
that's pretty demanding...
play ball!
i don't care... if it... hurts you... let him hit you!
get hit by the pitch... and load the bases!
strike!
so that's it, huh?
if you want to get hit so badly!
d-dead ball!
w-why, you! you hit me on purpose, didn't you?!
don't give me that! you were trying to get hit!
why you bastard!
you want to go at it?!
you mustn't, yamucha-sama! if you go in there, people are going to get hurt!
it'll be okay! i'll go easy on them, okay? ha-ha!
ha-ha... but still...
here, here! here! here!
you bastard!
here, here!
this one can handle himself!
kuririn!
nice to see you after so long.
but why?
i'll explain it all later. in any case, please come with me.
what?! you say goku has died?!
him and this saiyan both lost to each other.
but still, that's just like goku.
goku...
oh, but please don't be all that worried about him.
we can bring him back to life with the dragon balls, after all.
come on, hurry!
this isn't good, yamucha-sama.
she's still mad about you standing her up on your last date
because you didn't have any money.
th-this doesn't necessarily mean that things are all patched up between us, okay?
this is a state of emergency, so i'm just working together with you temporarily.
yeah, i know that much.
if you were to apologize, though, that would be another story.
who, me? it doesn't bother me that i'm not together with everyone else!
i don't care who comes attacking, i can take them on myself well enough.
th-that might be so, but it would be a shame!
kami-sama said he was going to specially train us up in the heavenly realm!
what?! really?!
t-training with k-kami-sama?!
that's okay. you don't have to come if you don't want to.
w-what are you doing? let's go, pu-erh! don't dawdle around! come on, come on!
ooh, that hurts!
i wonder how many days it has been.
if i don't step on it, a year will have gone by just like that. all right...
help!
but then, no one's going to help me.
i can't run away here.
that looks painful!
don't be scared, don't be scared.
all right, now...
ready, set... come on, you!
ooh, yow... yow...
you mean it was stuck in this deeply?
i've got it!
just hold on. it's almost done.
see?
it doesn't hurt, it doesn't hurt. this is what works best!
here. this ought to be enough...
sure enough, it's just like i read in books.
there are dinosaurs that don't eat meat. all right, then...
it's been a long time since i've been this fired up!
the fighting is going to start up again, huh?
and there's only a slim hope of us winning.
no, that's not necessarily so! this time, we'll have piccolo,
and goku should be coming back to life even stronger, after all.
on top of all that, we're going to be able to undergo kami-sama's training!
th-that's right, huh?
depending on how our training goes, even we can still become stronger!
all right, let's do it! i don't care who these saiyan guys are,
i'm going to make sure that they're the ones who are beaten!
that's the spirit, yamucha!
what's this? they're getting along fine after all.
don't be jealous, don't be jealous!
must be nice...
i know! once he's feeling better...
great! that'll be great!
i've gotten quite a bit stronger too, huh?
all right, then!
all right!
it's no use.
i'm back!
here, i've got lunch! but this time, leave some for me, okay? don't eat it all...
you. huh?!
let go of him! he's hurt!
let him go!
shoot!
gohan learns for the first time how harsh the laws of nature are.
however, he cannot shrink back now. the saiyans will not wait for him!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in the other world, goku runs himself all-out in order to meet with kaio-sama.
elsewhere, gohan was enduring some harsh trials in the middle of the high plains.
and, deep in space, the saiyans were steadily approaching ever closer
as they headed toward earth.
"the saiyans, mightiest warriors in the universe, awaken!"
all right, then!
what, you again? you never learn, do you?
over here!
well then, i'll be taking some meat again!
your tail is going to disappear before long.
looks like you've gotten a little bit better.
wow, to think that kami-sama is going to be training us!
damn, i'm just itching all over!
take it easy, take it easy.
in any case, we have to find tenshinhan and chaozu.
those two are going to be so surprised!
yamucha-sama, after you and everyone else have kami-sama make you stronger,
those saiyans will be nothing to you!
that's for sure! if you're coming, then bring it on, saiyans!
wake up, nappa! wake up! open your eyes, nappa!
have we arrived at earth already?
no, not yet. i thought we might stop off on the way, and set my wake-up timer.
stop off somewhere, you say?
there's a pretty good planet ahead of us. we can sell it for a lot!
understood.
sleeping for one year straight gets you all out of form, so this will be perfect!
wh-what is this?
you're sure we can sell a place like this for a high price?
in any event...
it looks like we'll need to inspect this place a little more thoroughly.
what ugly creatures those are!
they look like they're space men.
to think that we would come across space men on our hunt!
i'm sure that moai-sama will be pleased!
moai?
this planet's king! our ruler!
you've come all the way from outer space. stay here for a while!
this will be interesting!
stop, nappa-
this could be an opportunity. let's let them introduce us to this moai.
here...
don't scare us like that!
freeze, you bank robber!
you're under arrest!
what pests!
this money is a present for ten-san! you guys stay out of it!
just you wait, tenshinhan!
i'll feed you all kinds of nutritious things with this money!
behave yourselves for a little while now, space men.
it looks like quite an enjoyable little planet, huh?
l-it's true! you're space men! i've never seen any before!
never mind, he's now finally started reaching out after space men.
how far is he going to go before he's satisfied?
you have come to this planet at a bad time.
ever since moai has claimed the throne, things have been crazy.
everyone in the general population has become moai's toys!
and as for me, i had my wife stolen from me on our wedding day!
do you understand how i feel?
oh, my adorable lemuria!
what's the matter, lemuria?
nothing special...
don't tell me you're still thinking about that other man.
please, stop! spare me!
l-let me out!
i beg you! p-please, i beg you!
d-don't eat me! please! i-l don't want to die!
i'm bored.
what? you say you've captured some space men?
yes.
interesting. bring them here. if they're cute, i'll make them my pets.
what is this?
c-could they be the ones?
l-it's them! how did they get out of the prison?
i-incredible...
wh-what power those guys have!
what ugly creatures! there's no way i can keep them as pets.
right, lemuria?
hey, space men! how would you like to make a wager with me?
wager?
have a go at fighting against my warriors.
if you win, i'll give you anything you like.
although, no matter how you look at it, there's no chance of you beating them.
i'd like to see what kind of blood is spilled by space men. go!
wh-what? what the hell's going on here?
you said you'd give us anything we liked, right?
in that case...
we'll take this planet!
what?!
didn't you hear him? we're taking this planet, and your lives!
i-impossible!
don't you get it yet? we let ourselves be captured on purpose.
in order for us to be led in here, you see.
kill them! cut them to bits!
ain't i at kaio-sama's place yet?!
yedi! release yedi!
so this monster is your ace in the hole, huh?
let them have it, yedi! kill those two!
may i?
suit yourself.
fool! you intend to test your strength against yedi's?!
y-yedi!
i'm done playing around!
wh-what's this?
l-lncredible! you guys are incredible!
you are indeed the saviors of this planet!
peace is sure to return to this planet now, just as it was before!
atla!
atla!
l-lemuria?
this is hopeless. we won't be able to get squat for this planet.
let's g0, nappa-
atla!
get out of my sight, you good-for-nothing planet!
lemuria!
atla!
they're beautiful when they're obliterated, no matter what planet they happen to be.
still, i hope this earth turns out to be a little bit better of a planet than this.
hey, if it turns out to be another good-for-nothing planet,
we'll just blow it away too.
after we've gathered those dragon ball things, that is.
eternal life, huh? i'm looking forward to that!
such terrible, heartless saiyans! is there any future for earth?
elsewhere, goku single-mindedly continues to run in order to meet kaio-sama.
this sure is long!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
nine months is all the time that remains
until the pair of saiyans make their assault on earth.
in the other world, son goku is steadily proceeding along the serpentine road,
in order to be trained by kaio-sama, the highest of all gods.
elsewhere, his son gohan,
who has been left all alone in the high plains by piccolo daimao,
is growing more and more robust.
looks like you've gotten a little bit better.
"catnap on the serpentine road... goku takes a tumble."
father .
father... father...
stop picking on my father!
r-run! gohan, run away!
father .
all right, i've decided. i think i'll go back to where mother is.
ain't i gotten to... kaio-sama's place yet?
i wonder if goku has arrived at kaio-sama's place
and is getting his training yet.
uranai baba-sama told us that even once we gather the dragon balls,
not to bring him back to life for a year.
mmm... and one year is right about the time when those saiyan guys
are supposed to arrive here on earth.
i wonder if he'll be able to defend earth against the saiyans.
bulma-san, aren't we there yet?
there's no doubt that he's along this direction somewhere...
we have to find tenshinhan-san and them quickly, and climb up karin tower.
yamucha-san might already have arrived there.
earth's fate is in the balance.
hey! it's time to eat!
come quick, tenshinhan! i've got some top-notch cooking ready for you!
ten-san, it's incredible!
how is it that there's so much?
i hired these guys to make it all, of course!
i had nothing but first-rate ingredients brought together! right?
must have cost some money.
don't worry. i just finished a pretty good job.
by the way, tenshinhan, how long are you planning on doing all this?
until ten-san beats son goku.
cut it out, cut it out. things are peaceful now.
there's no use in getting any stronger.
and for that matter, you're strong enough as it is in the first place.
i am not so strong.
when i met son, i learned that the world was a large place.
and it's not just son, there's sure to be other strong guys out there in the world.
that is why i train.
how about, instead, you team up with me and we hold up banks or something?
we could make a real bundle!
if we did, then you could eat as much of this delicious stuff as you want!
after all, from now on, money is everything!
money talks in this world! as long as we have money, we'll be happy!
aren't you eating?
ten-san, let's eat up!
that's more like it! there's no need for you to hold back!
go on, baldy, chow down!
r-right.
y'know, tenshinhan, holding up banks is fun!
just by shooting off your gun, everybody gets the jitters!
yeah, let's do it! if you teamed up with me, there's nothing we'd have to fear!
we'd be invincible!
chaozu, training!
he's really got himself a hard head.
ten-san can even break rocks with his head!
that's not what i meant... you stupid bastard!
l-i didn't mean it!
son, just what sort of training are you doing?
oni? hey there! what are you doing, pops?
what am i doing, oni?
i was asked by great king yama-sama to clean this road oni.
i'm going to kaio-sama's place!
oni?! you're going to kaio-sama's place?
i've never seen a daredevil dead person as big as you oni!
is there still a long way to go?
of course there is! from what i've heard,
you're still only about halfway to the halfway point oni.
still only halfway to halfway?! it is pretty long then, huh?
uni'?
hey, what's the matter oni?
i need a little break!
oni.
if you want me to take you part of the way, i can give you a ride oni!
get on back of here oni!
really? yahoo!
ready, pops!
all right, here we go oni!
chaozu!
ten-san, you did it!
no. i still have much more to do than just this.
o-oh, no!
how could i have done that? i messed up the control over my power.
at this rate, it will reach where that kid is!
hang in there, hang in there!
th-this is a big one! and i can't stand earthquakes!
tenshinhan!
tenshinhan!
ten-san!
ten-san!
i've located tenshinhan!
where the hell have you gone?!
i made it!
i'm cold!
huh?
oh, my! have i done it again?
apparently, he's within those mountains.
that's just the kind of place you'd expect tenshinhan-san to be training!
i'm really sorry i've been a bother to you.
i'll go back to the kame house for now.
that will be great. please give muten roshi-sama my regards,
and tell him that we are continuing to train as he would expect of us.
yes, you certainly are. okay then, take care of yourselves.
be careful. farewell!
chaozu, now we can devote ourselves to training.
she's an odd person.
such pretty flowers!
they smell nice!
stupid bastards! i've been looking for you, you know!
you're trying to get rid of me, but i won't have it!
now cut out that stuff already, and get over here!
keep out of this!
b-bullets?!
l-lmpossible! to think that son could have died!
but goku is training in the other world.
and we need to be sure that we can keep up when the two saiyans get here.
kami-sama is going to be training you, after all!
ten-san!
it's something better than i could have hoped for! we'll go immediately!
ten-san, we can train!
what's more...
what is it, baldy?!
hey, tenshinhan...
if you're trying to run away from me, i'm not about to let you.
i don't care if you're going to kami-sama's place or anywhere else,
i'm going to come with you.
i'm going to have kami-sama train me through-and-through!
son, let's make sure we meet again!
kaio-sama, i'm son goku...
uni!
yow! kaio-sama, you're training is as tough as i expected...
ee-yow!
wh-where is this place?
i wonder if i've arrived at kaio-sama's place without even realizing it.
that smells good!
that fruit looks delicious!
just where exactly has goku fallen into?
and as umigame was anxious about,
and the turtle hermit was unable to offer a reply to,
will goku and the others be able to defend earth against the saiyans?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
nine months remain before the saiyans arrive on earth.
gohan, piccolo, tenshinhan, and the others who were to go against them
were each preoccupied with their own training.
elsewhere, goku had been intently running the serpentine road
in order to meet kaio-sama. however...
where is this place?
i wonder if i've arrived at kaio-sama's place without even realizing it.
that smells good!
that fruit looks delicious!
"hands off! yama-sama's secret fruit."
"pond of blood."
you are one incredible bastard to try to take the fruit of the enseiju,
the tree of circular life oni!
you mean i can't eat those?
of course not oni.
those are precious fruit that only the great king yama-sama may eat oni.
i'm just so hungry, you see...
you're hungry?
you say the most ridiculous things oni. who are you oni?
what have you come here for oni?
i'm goku. son goku. i came here to train. which one of you is kaio-sama?
kaio-sama?
then you guys ain't kaio-sama?
of course not oni. where do you think you are oni?
this is the third street of the first district of hell oni.
we are the watch-keeper ogres of this area oni.
this is hell?! then i've fallen down from the serpentine road!
damn it, man, how am i supposed to climb up this thing, for crying out loud?
hey, tenshinhan! don't you leave me behind!
goku, i will travel the same road that you have!
but i will become even stronger, just you watch!
ten-san, how do you suppose kami-sama will train us?
i don't know. but this is kami-sama, after all.
it will probably be something we couldn't even imagine.
chaozu, no matter what the training is, don't become disheartened!
mm-hmm!
this sure is one hard-up house...
what are you doing?
oh, you know. if there was an airplane capsule or something in here,
i was going to borrow it.
there is nothing like that in there. you should leave here at once.
you do have money in here.
if i do not have it, it's not in there.
just do as i tell you and give me an airplane!
what is the matter, noble father?!
upa!
it's nothing, upa.
what are you doing to noble father?!
don't come any closer!
why, you...!
huh?
we can kill some time with him for a while oni!
it's been 1,500 years since we had a flesh-and-blood dead person here oni!
he seems to be pretty lively, too.
it's been so long since we had someone to make us move about oni.
you can't oni! you've got a mountain of paperwork stacked up oni!
it doesn't matter oni! we have equal responsibility for that oni!
then it's no use oni! you wanna go at it?
rock-paper-scissors! rock-paper-scissors!
look that way now!
work hard, now oni!
be sure to leave some for me oni!
first come, first served oni!
maybe this is impossible after all...
what are you doing oni?
you can tell just by watching, can't you?
i want to hurry and get back to the serpentine road.
you want to get back that badly, do you oni?
what are you doing?!
i'll send you back oni!
"river sanzu branch office."
oh? that gozu bastard is finishing everything so easily again oni! i knew it!
what a simple-minded, foolish ogre oni!
whoa-oa-oa-oa!
that guy!
pops, you ain't got any power, huh? i didn't even make it there!
what?!
i'm the second strongest ogre next to great king yama-sama in all of hell oni!
i heard that great king yama was incredibly strong, but maybe he's not all that great.
you want to try taking me on then oni?!
i ain't got that kind of spare time.
if you can beat me in a contest,
i'll give you a chance to get back to the serpentine road oni!
it's the jump device we keep just in case oni.
really?
we don't lie oni.
if we lie, then we get our tongues pulled out by great king yama-sama oni.
i'll do it! i'm going to do it!
in exchange, if you lose, you forfeit your soul oni.
you won't be able to keep your body while you're dead oni!
that's fine. i'm going to win, after all.
if you go outside of this line, you lose oni. you got that?
whatever is fine, let's just do this quickly!
you're one bothersome guy, huh oni?
it takes some preparation... to get ready for this oni...
all right, let's go oni!
you got it!
take your marks...
begin oni!
you're better than i thought, pops.
wha... oni?
u-unbelievable power oni!
here i go, pops!
this is the jump device, is it?
that's right oni! i'm going to jump up as hard as i can and land up here,
and when i do, you jump oni.
fine, just hurry up and do it.
all right, here goes!
it's working, it's working!
a little farther...
ka... me... ha... me...
n-ha!
that did it!
what's with those clouds? they're terribly hard!
"to the summit. please do not litter."
number 34,266...
"the original needle bean jam buns."
number 34,267...
number 34,268...
number 34,269...
no one is absent, then.
today, as i'm sure everyone is looking forward to,
we will be having an outing on the mountain of needles oni.
stay sharp as you ascend and come back down oni.
hurry up and get going oni. come on, come on, step on it...
geez, is he still playing all by himself oni? that's not fair oni!
how long are you going to keep goofing around oni?
it's my turn now oni.
it's no use. no matter how many times i try,
i can't break through those clouds.
your head is just too soft oni.
but then, has there ever been anyone who has broken through there?
not yet oni.
what? have you tricked me?!
hey, you!
so, in a nutshell, you just want to return to the serpentine road, is that right oni?
if so, there's a very good way to do so oni.
really? tell me!
there's a secret path that nobody else knows about oni.
mezu, you can't show him that oni!
tell me about it! i'm begging you!
there is one condition oni.
condition?
i'm going to start running around through hell here oni.
if you are good enough to be able to catch me,
i'll tell you where the secret path is oni.
i'm supposed to chase you?
that's right oni! in this game, you really will have to run like the devil oni!
over here, over here!
i think this should be enough for today.
over here, over here!
hurry, hurry!
over here, over here!
are you ready oni?
any time is fine by me.
i'll just warn you that they say my speed is second only to great king yama-sama oni.
if you lose...
i know! come on, let's hurry and do this.
all right then, let's begin oni. ready!
he is fast!
wait up!
wait up, wait up!
now he'll just run around until he's all worn out oni.
what a waste. and flesh-and-blood dead people are so rare...
you're pretty fast, aren't you oni?
yeah, i suppose so.
if you weren't, then this wouldn't be any fun oni!
i was so close! and he even dropped his guard, too!
that's awesome! all right, then!
no matter how tough he may be, he can't come all the way up here oni.
wh-what oni?!
hold it!
hold it!
this is fun oni! how about you live here with us oni?
if you do that, we can play tag every day oni!
you're right! but i can't... let that happen!
what's the matter oni? you'll never get to where kaio-sama is like this oni!
damn, i was so close, too.
he's something else oni.
hold on a minute, would you? i'm all tired out!
you're just a wuss oni...
say, let me eat some of the fruit on that tree.
no way oni! if you eat one of those precious fruits,
they say that you will avoid hunger for a hundred days,
and your power will be bolstered oni.
they're that valuable, are they?
that's right.
hey, you! hold it! if one of those gets eaten,
i'll get chewed out by great king yama-sama oni!
come on! come on, come on! hold it oni! come on! come on!
before you know it, the game of chase got switched around oni.
here goes! gotcha! i did it!
you idiot oni!
okay, you promised. show me the way out.
i was off my guard oni. l-let's do it again oni?
are you thinking of breaking your promise?
great king yama will yank your tongue out!
it's over there oni!
if you climb the stairs inside here,
you'll return to the serpentine road oni.
see you later, then!
get out of here now oni!
sorry about this, but i took one of them.
because of you, i'm famished!
see you!
you dumb bastard oni!
don't come here again oni!
he's gone oni.
there's absolutely nothing to be done about him oni.
eh, oh well oni.
that was fun oni...
okay then, to work, to work! there's a mountain of paperwork piled up oni.
let's go at it as best we can oni.
these stairs sure are long!
is that the exit?
huh? it won't move. all right, then!
i made it!
what are you doing in there?
g-great king yama-sama?!
did you see kaio-sama?
um, by any chance, is this...? goodbye!
wh-what's with him?
what's this?! i have to start at the beginning again?!
you've got to be kidding!
i really have to hurry now, or i ain't going to have enough time!
that's strange. it's a lot easier to run now than before.
i wonder if that's because of that fruit.
goku has unexpectedly returned to the starting point.
the road to kaio-sama's place is incredibly long.
hurry, goku! the saiyans are getting closer every minute!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
in order to meet kaio-sama, the man said to be the strongest in all of the other world,
goku ran as hard as he could.
however, he slipped off of the serpentine road and fell into the depths of hell!
with great difficulty, he finally located a secret cave and returned.
g-great king yama-sama?
it was great king yama's office.
having come back to the beginning, goku ran off to the serpentine road.
thanks to the enseiju fruit, the mysterious item he had eaten while he was in hell,
goku's speed had been powered-up.
eight months remain until the saiyans' assault. hurry, goku!
"such sweet temptation! the snake princess-sama's hospitality."
uni'?
somethings coming oni.
watch out oni'. stop oni'.!
i thought he had fallen off the serpentine road earlier oni.
be that as it may, it looks like he's a lot faster this time oni...
ah oni!
uncle piccolo is awesome!
well, with this many of us members here, i'm not at all afraid of those saiyans.
i can't wait to see what kind of training kami-sama puts us through.
thanks to my eating that fruit, i've already come this far in a flash.
what's that?
i wonder if this is kaio-sama's residence.
what is this?! what is this?!
welcome to our lobby, honored guest!
snake princess-same, we have a visitor.
what? a visitor?
my...!
such a handsome gentleman! he's just my type!
the snake princess-sama approaches!
then kaio-sama, you're...
a woman? you're cute, huh?
cute, you say?
such a gallant gentleman! for some reason, my heart is all a-flutter!
the snake princess-sama hasn't been this worked up
since great king yama-sama, has she?
yes! he was quite handsome too!
it's been nearly five hundred years, i'll bet.
f-five hundred years?!
well, no matter. never mind that, kaio-sama, teach me some martial arts.
m-martial arts?
how about instead, we dance the tango?
this is so romantic! surely we were destined to come together.
the tango is a lot like the dance we did at my wedding.
so this is kaio-sama's martial arts technique.
i get it! this is a technique to get your opponent off their guard, then clobber them!
ee-yow! kaio-sama is a lot weaker than i thought...
what are you doing?! she is not kaio-sama!
this is the snake princess-same,
who shone in the glory of victory at the other world beauty contest!
what? you ain't kaio-sama? i'm leaving.
g-goodness, no!
please wait!
i'm in a hurry!
a-at least have dinner before you go.
d-dinner? come to think of it...
i ain't eaten anything since that piece of fruit. i guess i'll eat before i go.
i'm so happy! okay, okay, you guys, quickly prepare something for dinner!
 right! right!
you guys understand, right? we'll do whatever it takes to keep that man here!
after all, he's the kind of nice man we haven't had for five hundred years.
i won't have him get away from us!
snake princess-same, if i mix this sleeping potion in with the cooking,
it will bring on an irresistible urge to sleep,
he'll doze off, and won't leave here!
well, it's not a very elegant method, but what choice do we have?
sorry to keep you waiting.
we have foie gras, made from the bird of paradise,
saut of bear's paw, from needle mountain,
baked crocodile, taken from the river sanzu, and mussels au gratin.
let's dig in!
yes, yes, be my guest! help yourself to as much as you like.
all right, i'm eating!
l-if you like, help yourself to my serving as well.
really? thanks!
okay, then... i'll take it...
i'm full, i'm full!
well then, i guess i should go.
please, wait! are you not sleepy?
i ain't got time to sleep. i've got to go meet kaio-sama and everything.
you're sure you put the sleeping stuff in, right?
yes, plenty of it.
thanks for dinner. okay then, i'm going.
you guys!
please, wait. we have a bath warmed up. how about if you took a bath before going?
kaio-sama dislikes dirty people.
yeah, maybe i am a little sweaty. maybe i should freshen up before i go.
yes, yes! yes, yes!
this feels great.
how is the water?
fine. it's a little bit hot, but it's okay.
this originally comes from the steam baths of hell.
he should be warmed clear through to the bone!
okay -
huh? suddenly it's become night.
goku-sama, there are so many stars.
to think that i should be together with you on such a wonderful evening, goku-sama,
it makes the snake princess so happy...
say there, goku-sama?
go ku-sama?
oh, my...
th-this is terrible! he's been boiled alive!
98... 99... 100!
oh, that's refreshing!
how embarrassing! but still, what a manly figure he has.
wow, that was revitalizing! okay then, i'll be going.
ah, wait!
hey you guys, stop him!
just a moment! what is it? i'm in a hurry!
i have to hurry and see kaio-sama, and learn martial arts from him!
in that case, then we have just the thing! how about this?
a thrilling, spine-tingling game of russian roulette!
you can help train your mind to overcome fear with this!
russian roulette? how does it train your mind?
first, you take one bullet and place it into the pistol.
then you spin it round and round.
the chances of the bullet being shot are one in six.
when it does, that's the end of the story.
it's a game brimming with thrills, in exchange for one's life!
that ended all too easily, huh? i ain't doing anything that dangerous.
thank you for waiting! it is now showtime!
yes, yes, please leave after you've watched this show!
is this martial arts too?
yes! it is a new martial art.
snake princess-same,
this time i made sure to use all the sleeping potion we had left.
make it good.
here, have some specially prepared juice.
wow, thanks.
yummy!
for this guy to have eaten and drank that much sleeping potion and still be alive...
what is he, a monster?
we did it! he should be asleep for three days and nights like this!
he's pretty tough, huh?
yes. he is no ordinary person.
but you know, he has such a lovely face when he's asleep.
he really is my type-
chichi... gohan...
he's having some kind of dream. bring the dream-viewing mirror.
right.
this will reflect whatever dream he is having.
chichi... gohan...
father! goku-sa!
what's this? a woman and a boy?
ah, apparently they are his wife and child.
he's not single?! he still looks delicious, though!
are you going to eat this one too?
i wonder if there will be any for us this time.
after all, the only one to get out of here safely has been great king yama.
good, gohan!
once you've finished doin' those drills, your studyin' is done for today.
mm-hmm. i want to hurry up and go out and play.
wh-who are you?!
i'm scared! father!
goku-sa!
gohan!
chichi!
oh, it was a dream, was it? did i fall asleep?
he's awake already, isn't he?
yeah...
that's right! i was on my way to see kaio-sama!
please, don't go!
sorry, but i'm going. everyone on earth is waiting for me to come back.
you're going, no matter what?
yeah, no matter what.
why, you...!
i am the serpentine road goddess,
who has lived on the serpentine road for a thousand and five hundred years!
how dare you bring disgrace upon me!
now listen to me! you will never return home from here!
what is this?
if you cannot realize my charms, then you can just dissolve away.
this is bad! i've got to get out of here quick!
dammit...
that was close!
why, you...!
you're not getting away!
damn! in that case...
ka... me...
no, i won't. she did feed me all that food, after all.
hey, let me pass!
i have to hurry and go see kaio-sama!
no way! if you want to live, you'll have to defeat me!
damn... i know!
wait up!
see you! thanks for the meal!
and the bath, too!
this is so degrading!
the journey to kaio-sama is still far.
the saiyans' assault is drawing near.
hurry, goku! run the length of the serpentine road!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the saiyans, strongest in the universe, were drawing ever closer to earth.
goku had only just passed the midpoint of the serpentine road.
elsewhere, gohan was living hardily in the high plains.
"escape from piccolo! gohan summons a storm."
let's see...
goku-sa, look at this! gohan is already solvin' problems as difficult as this!
i can't wait to see what kind of great scholar he'll become in the future!
yeah, i'll bet!
mother... father...
try taking this on! makankosappo!
h-he avoided it! wh-what kind of bastard is he, with such speed?
you pierced through this armor quite easily. that's quite a technique.
if i had taken that head-on, i would have been out!
that doesn't mean anything if i don't hit you!
to think that you would inflict injury upon me!
you're going to pay for this! i'm through playing around!
it doesn't mean anything if i don't hit you!
all right!
wow, i did it!
i lost a great deal of time to old lady snake there.
if i don't hurry up, things will get nasty!
oh, no you don't!
hey, we meet again!
it sure is big!
i wonder how long this beach goes on for.
mother...
chichi!
i brung some of my special-made porridge.
eat some of this, you'll feel better, chichi.
nope.
you ain't eaten nothin' for a whole week now, have you?
come on, just eat this.
i'm not goin' to...
gohan...
huh? that's what i made!
i've come back to the starting point.
all right, then...
this is an island!
mother...
beyond there is mother! all right, then!
makankosappo'.!
this one looks like it's the best.
all right, then...
thank you!
move it, move it, you're in the way!
it's finished!
i did it! i did it!
all right, now...
all right, here i go!
it's okay, i'll be back right away!
i'm just going to go see my mother for a little while.
that should be good enough...
the kid! it couldn't be!
rain?
there's a storm coming!
i can't turn back now!
i've got to tough it out! got to tough it out!
it's okay, it's okay. i'll get through... i'll get through the storm soon enough!
ah, this is bad! if this keeps up, i'll be swamped! and i can't swim!
i... can't swim! i can't swim!
that dirty brat! where the hell did he go?
gohan, what about your training with piccolo?
have you forgotten about the crisis the world is in?
eight months remain until the saiyans arrive.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the men are spending their days in training, with the goal of defeating the saiyans.
however, as for gohan...
"run, gohan! longing for mount paozu, where chichi is waiting."
big brother...
mm-hmm, this one's dead.
really?
you can tell if he's dead or not by doing that?
of course you can! you're five already, and you don't even know that?
i did so know!
it doesn't look like he's carrying anything worth any money.
big brother, over there!
all right, we will reap something!
awesome!
that's mine...
did he die again?
he doesn't look injured, huh?
you're right.
he's coming around.
um... i'm rom. nice to meet you.
i'm his sister, chiko. who are you?
i'm son gohan.
how old are you? four.
hooray! you're younger than me!
where are we?
this is our cottage.
not bad, huh? where did you come from?
i don't know. i think it was a desert somewhere.
well, no matter. in any case, as of today, you're one of us.
it might be rough, but don't cry, the way chiko does.
"mom! where have you gone?!"
i don't cry anymore!
um, l...
listen, from now on, you have to call me big sister.
there's no need to be shy.
without any parents, we all have to help each other.
what's the matter? if you want to tell us something, speak up.
i'm sorry. it's been a long time since i talked to anyone.
i can't speak that well.
about two years ago, there was this gigantic tsunami.
it swallowed up the whole city!
it was scary!
this place is packed with kids like us that don't have homes.
um, but i...
uh-oh, they're making their regular stop.
regular stop?
uh-huh! hurry!
hurry! they'll catch you!
wait here. once i take chiko across, i'll be right back for you.
come on...
take that! you guys can't catch us!
dammit!
they make sure to come here once every day.
who are they?
the guys from the institution.
they're trying to catch us and toss us in the pokey.
is that a scary place?
according to the folks who escaped from there,
they were picked on every day, and got smacked with slippers.
you can't come out of there for the rest of your life, that's for sure.
on top of that, they cut your nails every night!
let go of me! no! oww!
stop it! you're hurting me, i tell you!
piegero!
she doesn't want to go. cut it out!
you again?! come on, now!
why, you...!
stop that!
you children up in the tree, come on down here!
if you do, you'll get new clothes, a clean room, and a hot meal!
really?
dummy! don't be fooled!
we don't want any of that! get out of here!
so then, do you plan to go on living in a place like this forever?
you think we're about to put ourselves in your care?!
we'll go on living by ourselves just fine!
yeah! yeah! get out of here! get out of here!
get out of here! get out of here!
yay! and don't come back!
we have a new kid?
apparently, he got shipwrecked out at sea, and washed up here.
i'm son gohan. nice to meet you.
hey, this boy is still little, so give him a comparable share of food.
look who's talking. the same goes for you, doesn't it?
i guess so.
well, anyhow, as a fellow person without any family, let's stick together.
come on over, come on over! delicious stuff!
welcome by, son. i'll let you have them cheap.
yow!
yow-ow-ow-ow!
what's the matter, son?
it hurts! it hurts! it hurts!
all right, now! okay.
it hurts! it hurts!
what's the matter?
it hurts! it hurts!
it hurts!
where does it hurt?
it hurts!
it hurts! it hurts! it hurts! it hurts! it hurts! it hurts!
so, it's you guys! hold it!
it hurts!
you bastards!
hold it!
you hold it!
dammit!
thieves!
hey, you!
hold it!
take that!
why, you...! hey!
see? that was pretty fun, wasn't it?
uh-huh!
even without parents, children still grow up!
yeah, yeah!
well said! we're growing up fine, huh?
what's the matter?
hmm? nothing.
what's the matter? need to pee?
what are you doing?
standing watch. we've been causing trouble all over, after all.
sometimes there are people that come after us at night here.
what is it, if you didn't come out here to pee?
i'm not an orphan. i have a mother, and i was actually on my way home to her.
oh, so the little boy has a home, huh?
i'm sorry, i just couldn't say anything.
there's nothing you have to apologize for.
i guess i jumped to the wrong conclusion.
where is your home?
in a bamboo grove on mount paozu.
mount paozu? that's pretty far, huh?
you know it? yeah.
please tell me the way, if you would!
you got it. i'll show you tomorrow.
thanks!
say, is your mom nice?
i wouldn't say that.
everyday, she tells me to study, study, and it gets annoying.
being annoying is okay, as long as she's around.
yeah, yeah!
do you go to school?
i go to a cram school.
do you like to study?
there's stuff i like, and stuff i don't like.
yeah, yeah, that's right, huh? i hate gym and math, but art is my best subject!
for me, it's science.
what about you, ena? i've never been to school.
oh, that's right. the tsunami happened before ena started school.
do you guys... want to go to school?
not especially. who needs studying?
if you go to the institution, you can do all you like.
no way, that place smells like medicine!
yeah, that goes for me, too. no way.
and someone who's escaped from there ought to know!
i know! how about we all drive to gohan's house tomorrow?
cool!
that will be fun! let's go, let's go!
n yet'?
not yet.
they're late today.
maybe they've given up.
they're coming, they're coming! here they come!
hey, wait!
hurry up!
o-oh, no!
hey. set out!
ow! ow!
chiko!
come quietly!
damn!
gohan, this way!
but everyone else is...!
just come on!
piegero! gohan!
piegero!
what are you doing?!
hey, you!
piegero!
why?! huh?
why?! why did you do that?!
why?!
it's for the best! they're still...
just little kids... and already they're delinquents.
they're too young for that!
you're no ordinary kid, huh? you're incredibly strong.
are you going back there?
no. there's nobody there, even if i did go back. see ya. respect your mom.
thanks, piegero-san.
say, is your mom nice?
i've never been to school.
respect your mom.
what is your mission?!
say it!
to defeat the saiyans, and to save...
the earth!
we're going back!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
six months remained until the saiyans arrive.
in the other world, son goku was running down the serpentine road
in order to receive training from kaio-sama.
tenshinhan and the others had also gathered at karin tower
to begin their special training.
elsewhere, piccolo once again appeared before gohan,
who had given up his wishes to see his mother.
what is your mission?!
to defeat the saiyans, and to save the earth!
"city of no tomorrow! the long road to victory."
it's been six months since we parted company.
it looks like you've gotten a little better.
now then, how about i start training you properly?
come at me!
one more time!
over here!
do not lose sight of your opponent!
i can't see anything that fast.
you don't see it. you feel it.
that's easy for you to say...
if you've got enough time to whine, think about what you should do instead.
then move.
we've only got six more months!
when you're not eating or sleeping, you will fight me!
set your mind straight!
you can't mean it. i'll die.
then get stronger! even stronger than me! and...
stronger than the saiyans who will be coming in six months!
now, come on!
the end still ain't in sight?
pretty fired up.
kami-sama,
just how long will it be until you train us?
yeah...
we've already been here for two months, and yet you haven't taught us anything.
we want to get stronger, like goku.
please give us the same special training that you gave goku!
goku's special training, huh?
'an.
taught goku...
absolutely nothing!
what does he mean?!
if that's the case, there's no reason for us to've come all the way here at all.
it's 'zactly the same as training down on the surface.
tell us, just what kind of training did goku do here?
okay?
we just want to get stronger.
getting stronger... is knowing enemy, and knowing self.
do that, and what you should do come naturally.
knowing the enemy, and knowing oneself?
enough of your smart-aleck talk!
i know better than anyone what my strength is! i don't need to be told!
sure about that? you not know self. you not know weaknesses.
what? are you calling me weak?
you want to try me?!
everyone, come.
wh-what kind of room is this?
past. present. future. all intersect here.
you go on time journey now. goku trained here too.
what? goku did?
intriguing. let's go, then.
let's go!
i ain't going.
i'll wait for ya's here.
those want to go, enter circle.
close eyes slowly.
where are we?
a tail?
it's a saiyan.
what?
what happened here?
these happened during some kind of battle.
the people on this planet appear to like fighting something fierce.
i'm raring to take them on.
i'm ready to have a go at them. i'd like to try out my strength.
come on, let's go.
all four of them together have a battle power of 1,507.
none of them appear to be all that strong, huh?
it'll kill some time. what do you say we rough them up?
there's not a single person around, is there?
maybe they're scared of us.
if this really is the saiyan's planet,
we definitely should not take them lightly.
chaozu, let's go.
right...
ten-san!
chaozu!
ten-san, help!
ten-san, help!
chaozu!
chaozu! chaozu!
why, you...!
okay, who's going to face us next?
i will!
tenshinhan, be careful!
okay, now it's your turn.
hold on, tenshinhan!
sokidan'.!
get out of there, tenshinhan!
i got them!
that didn't hurt one bit.
this time, all three of us will go at them!
it looks like we took care of them.
those guys were incredible.
chaozu, i have avenged you.
he vanished!
3532.125
these guys are invulnerable!
where did they disappear to?!
kuririn!
3532.125
let's go save him!
3532.125
dammit!
at this point, i'll let them have it, even if it costs my own life!
that's it. that's more like it. otherwise, it's no fun.
we've laid two of you to rest. who's going to be third?
what?!
before you do that, let me show you to your graves!
this is our last chance!
an extra-large sokidan!
those guys were awful! it's almost like they were undying monsters!
we beat them...
i-i'm alive...
where are we?
we're alive! we're saved!
'course ya are! you've just been standing there the whole while.
your minds went on journey.
kami-sama let you have valuable experience in minds.
how'd it go with the saiyans?
what's wrong?
what're ya keeping quiet for?
the saiyans that you saw were still only half as strong as full-fledged ones.
they don't even compare to the strength
that the saiyans who are now heading for earth possess.
you mean, they're even stronger?
how about it? do you feel like running away now?
all right!
i'm keeping at it!
ten-san!
i'm going at it, too!
i'm going to train here for the next six months to defeat the saiyans!
me too!
what's that?! is that your defense?!
concentrate harder! i'm just itching to kill you!
the saiyans' power is terrifying.
the fated time is drawing ever nearer.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the saiyans, the mightiest warriors in the universe, were drawing closer and closer to earth.
i give up. how far does this road go? it's like there ain't any end to it.
at this rate, a year will have passed before i meet this kaio-sama.
when you're not eating or sleeping, you will fight me!
set your mind straight!
you can't mean it. i'll die.
then get stronger! even stronger than me! and...
stronger than the saiyans who will be coming in six months!
"last stop on the serpentine road! are you kaio-sama?"
do you want to die?!
yow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
wait!
don't forget that your opponent wants to kill you!
i know, piccolo-sen...
nyah-nyah!
is that all the jumping power you've got?
you're even softer than your father.
well now, shall i finally put you out of your misery?
die, kakarrot!
s-stop picking on...
my father!
that little brat!
wake up... kakarrot...
wake up... kakarrot...
what are you doing over there?
wake up...
wake up... kakarrot...
you little brat! what the hell has gotten into you?!
damn!
why, you...!
you dirty brat!
what's the matter?
nowhere left to go!
h-his tail!
that's it, all right...
it was half a year ago that i pulled it out.
and now it has grown back.
which means... it can't be!
how can this be?
you little brat!
wham?
what?!
a-at this rate, i'm done for!
begone!
what?!
what's up with that moon?
cheers!
my, my, we've finally gotten them together.
now we'll be able to bring goku back to life.
we can take a breather now, too.
now all we have to do is wait for those infernal saiyans.
you say that, but originally, when goku was a baby, he was a saiyan too,
who was sent here from planet vegeta in one of those round vehicles, right?
n-no he wasn't! that might be the way he was born...
but son-kun is an exemplary earthling. right, turtle hermit-san?
er, of course he was.
what's the matter?
the moon is out.
oh, you're right.
it's been a while, huh?
something about that moon...
don't get too carried away, you dirty brat!
th-that's saiyan blood you've got, all right.
the power i've got right now won't do any good against the saiyans.
let go of me!
d-damn...
dammit! at this rate, the earth is going to be destroyed by that brat!
wh-what's that?
wake up... kakarrot...
wake up... kakarrot...
so that's it.
the thing that's behind that moon...
is the pod that son goku came here in as a kid.
it's all over now!
sorry about that.
i'm going to make sure that i draw out those dormant abilities of yours.
geez, you sure are a lot of trouble.
a tail!
hooray! i'm there!
huh?
there ain't anything here.
you've got to be kidding me.
what's that?
he's there! that's where kaio-sama is!
this is it, all right. there's his house.
what?! what?!
what's wrong with the ground?
dammit!
incredible... it's like i'm being sucked in by some outrageous power!
l-it's no use! it feels like my body is as heavy as lead! dammit!
i've finally... reached... here...
and i'm going... to meet kaio-sama... no matter what!
a little farther... a little farther...
but before that, let's find me something to eat.
k-kaio-sama? are you kaio-sama?
despite how he looks, i'm sure he must be incredible.
g-good day. i'm son goku. i ask that you train me.
kaio-sama, before we do, can i ask you for an apple?
wow, kaio-sama, impressive! you climbed up there easily!
kaio-sama, sorry, but pick me another one. i'll catch it this time.
all right, whenever you're ready!
i caught it! i caught it!
kaio-sama, teach me martial arts, okay... i mean, please?
is that training?
you're saying i should move like that, right?
this is definitely hard...
k-kaio-sama, what's the matter with the ground here?
what are you doing?
is this curious man the real kaio-sama?
when does goku's training begin?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
five months remained until the saiyans,
who are planning to invade earth, would arrive.
elsewhere, goku had finally reached kaio's planet...
what's that?
what?! what?! what?! what?!
is this kaio-sama's training? this is definitely hard!
"the battle with gravity! catch bubbles-kun."
what are you doing there?
h-huh? who are you?
me?
i am...
scratch... scratch... scratch...
eh, there's a mosquito...
a mosquaito...
'skaito...
kaio!
then, who is... huh?
that there is my pet, bubbles-kun.
ohhh...
i thought it was a little strange.
you're the strange one.
by the way...
don't you think that play on words just now was the greatest?
you don't have to be afraid to laugh at it.
at what?
you were too tense to hear it, huh?
what am i going to do with you, for pity's sake?
well then, at no extra charge, i'll hit you with a different play on words.
hello? hello?
huh? i picked up the phone, but no one was home!
that's great!
what was?
what did you come here for?
oh, i was hoping to have you train me, kaio-sama.
train you?!
go home now!
anyone who hears a joke like that and doesn't laugh has a flawed character!
you expect me to train anyone like that?!
that was hilarious! i should have expected as much, kaio-sama!
i ain't ever heard anything so funny!
it was, wasn't it?
you were just slow to notice it, that's all.
are you going to train me?
train you, huh? i wouldn't mind doing that.
really?!
provided that...
you can pass my test.
you have to make me, kaio-sama, the mastermind of gags,
laugh at one of your plays on words.
i have to make a play on words?!
are you getting cold feet?
if the pun is not at an adequate enough level, i won't laugh at it.
well, how about it?
apparently, you're not up to it. if that's so, then give up, and go home!
m-my futon...
flew away, gone'.!
your futon... flew away gone?!
just a little more!
my feline...
has gone supine!
my stylus is sightless!
ah, you laughed! kaio-sama, you laughed!
my futon flew away, gone'.!
you're no slouch at this, huh? you're a pro, aren't you?
very well, i will give you my training. i will teach you...
(mm)' greatest gag!
n-never mind the gags, teach me martial arts.
what, you want to learn martial arts? why didn't you say so sooner?
all right, come at me! i want to see what kind of skill you possess.
what's the matter?!
it's just that there's something strange going on.
it's awfully hard to move, and my body feels so heavy.
where did you come from, earth?
then it would be heavy here, huh?
this is a small planet, but it has incredible gravity, see?
i'll bet it's about ten times what it is on your planet.
that means your own weight is ten times greater.
see how high you can jump. as hard as you can.
o-okay...
it's no use! that little bit is as high as i can go!
if he can jump that high in ten times his normal gravity...
this guy here has a lot of promise!
okay then, we will start your training.
how much time do you plan to spend with me?
i ain't sure how many days it took for me to run down the serpentine road...
but i don't think i have much time.
i'm told that there are these saiyan guys who are coming to our
planet to do some awful stuff.
so i'd like for you to train me until that time, however short it is!
saiyans, huh?
you've had some nasty folks set their sights on you, all right. well then...
i'll check into when these saiyans are going to reach earth for you.
the saiyans are flying that way, all right.
they will arrive on earth in... let's see... about 158 days, i'd say.
awesome! you can tell that?!
yeah, these handy antenna are reliable, an' tenna some!
that was great!
maybe i should give up training you.
that was great! that was great! that was great!
wasn't it?
still, there's only 158 days until the saiyans arrive, huh?
hey, 158 days will be plenty.
me training you on this planet for 158 days will have the same value
as if you trained for a thousand years on earth.
really?!
however...
even if you do train with me,
there's no guarantee that you will be able to beat the saiyans.
the two saiyans that are headed for earth have just that much awesome power.
to be honest with you, their strength is even greater than my own.
even greater than yours, kaio-sama?!
that's right.
which means that if you cannot at least surpass me,
it will be impossible for you to beat the saiyans.
okay then, how about we get started right away?
hey! bubbles-kun!
first off...
you have to conquer the harsh gravity here. catch bubbles-kun here, if you can.
for the time being, until you can move fast enough to do that,
nothing else will matter.
a-all right...
okay, run away, bubbles-kun!
wait up!
damn! my body is really heavy!
dammit! all right, then...
watch this!
i'm going to get you!
ho! so he's already wearing super-weighted gear, is he?
that makes me quite a bit lighter, now!
hold it!
hold it! hold it! hold it!
all right, you're mine!
it can't be! you're kidding me, right?
what do you think?
he sure is fast! i'm not sure i can catch him.
if you can't, then go home right now.
that's right... i ain't eaten anything since i left the snake princess' place.
say, i hate to ask, but could you give me something to eat?
well, okay. that's unusual... a hungry deceased person...
hey, how about showing a little restraint?
i'm downing the donburi'.!
downing the donburi'.!
where's the joke there?
i'm full, i'm full!
the taste notwithstanding, at least my stomach is full!
i get the feeling that maybe this man isn't giving me enough respect.
by the way, kaio-sama,
i'm surprised you don't find it dull staying on a planet this small.
so young...
if you set your mind to it, there are any number of fun things to do here.
like counting how many blades of grass there are growing...
gazing up at the sky...
long-distance peeing...
recently, i've been getting into a new hobby...
going for drives.
now, hurry up and catch bubbles-kun.
otherwise, you'll never be able to get me to teach you any martial arts.
right! i'll give it my all!
all rig hty!
oh, right!
put on those heavy-looking clothes and boots you took off earlier and then run after him.
that will be more effective.
but putting that stuff on makes it even harder to run!
let me tell you something.
the planet that the saiyans are from had about the same gravity as here.
that's where they built up their bodies.
do you now understand part of the secret to the saiyans' strength?
but it's more than just that.
saiyans are born with a natural fighting sense.
that's another thing that makes them so formidable.
hey, that's fine! i'm a saiyan, too!
nice thrust.
don't slow down your attack!
uncle...
help me.
don't be so needy, you dirty brat!
sure enough, he only exhibits those dormant abilities of his
on the night of the full moon.
yow-ow-ow-ow...
looks like you at least cured yourself of being a crybaby over the last half-year, huh?
say, piccolo-sen, you fought with father a long time ago, right?
our fight is not yet over.
if we're able to defeat the saiyans, your father's turn comes next.
but father told me that the reincarnated piccolo-san
didn't seem to be the same terribly evil person he was before.
i sort of think that, too. mother and grandpa are still afraid of you, though.
stop talking nonsense and get to sleep!
tomorrow, we won't have the kind of gentle training we did today!
r-right...
damn him anyway...
since then, three weeks have gone by in the blink of an eye...
these shao-mai dumplings taste so good...
that you'll say "they tastes hao good... they tastes hao good," i think you'll find.
that was great! that was great!
huh? nobody heard that one?
hold it!
hold it! hold it!
i've got gyoza by the gross!
hold it!
now!
so close!
all right!
he's in good spirits, huh?
hold it!
he definitely doesn't have the slightest respect for me!
yow-ow-ow...
he really is incredible, huh? but i'm not giving in!
hold up!
i'm so close!
i know!
all right...
hold it!
bubbles-kun, i found you!
hold it!
i did it!
wow! i finally did it! i caught him!
he's as amazing as i thought. he's already overcome the gravity here, has he?
he might be able to handle it! the kaio-ken technique...
the saiyans' assault is not far away.
what kind of training will goku receive from kaio-sama,
now that he has finally met him?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
less than five months remained until the mighty saiyans,
bent on attacking earth, were to arrive.
son goku had at last arrived at kaio-sama's home,
which was a planet that had ten times the gravity of earth!
first off, you have to conquer the harsh gravity here.
catch bubbles-kun here, if you can.
the chase went on for three weeks.
i finally did it!
i caught him!
he's as amazing as i thought. he's already overcome the gravity here, has he?
"the saiyan legend reborn! goku's roots."
i did it!
i did it! i did it! i did it! i did it!
kaio-sama, what should i do next?
what should you do? let's see... you'll polish off whatever i give you, right?
uh-huh.
even apple-polishing?
kaio-sama, i have to train fast, before the saiyans arrive...
take it easy.
there are still 135 days left.
that ain't hardly time enough to catch my breath.
wh-what are you doing?
it's about time for it to come back.
come back?
here it comes.
it takes quite a while to catch one's breath, huh?
that's great, that's great!
are you sure you're all that strong?
how rude!
wh-what was that?
it looks like a cricket.
c-cricket?
that's "crickediculous!"
oh, nice one! you are so disrespectful!
i am gregory, the one who looks after kaio-sama.
you dare face the man who stands at the head of all
the gods throughout the universe, kaio-sama...
"that's crickediculous!"
ahem... you dare face kaio-sama, and ask him,
"are you sure you're all that strong?"
i can only put up with so much shamelessness from such a whippersnapper!
but i ain't even carrying a whip.
son goku, you got off a pretty good one, there!
kaio-sama, this is no time for you to be laughing.
this works out perfectly, son goku.
after bubbles-kun, your next opponent will be gregory.
this guy?
what is that look on your face supposed to mean?
but i wanted to get my training directly from you, kaio-sama.
kaio-sama, i am absolutely infuriated!
if it's okay with you,
i would like to take this disparager down a peg. what do you say?
very well.
what's that?
k-kaio-sama, isn't that a little big?
son goku, here...
what do you think? heavy, right?
your next training exercise will be to take that hammer and swat gregory with it.
with this?
once you manage to do that, i will begin training you personally.
all right, i'll give it a try!
hmph! you think a pipsqueak like you is going to be able to catch me?
he's fast!
dammit!
looks like this is going to take a while.
yow-ow-ow-ow... all right, i'll get you this time for sure!
that jerk!
wait up!
he didn't!
it's a good thing i'm so cheerful...
get up, now!
don't get too full of yourself,
just because you managed to dodge me once or twice.
you're still too soft!
help me!
come back up here on your own!
squirrel! watermelon! sea gull! killifish! monster!
cow! white shark! quince! apple! gorilla! lion!
you say the next one!
both ten-san and yamucha-san have gotten even better!
yajirobe! take this seriously!
eeyow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
t-time out!
k-kaio-sama?
it's time for supper!
yahoo!
you're really something!
goku, how are you coming along?
whew! he's so fast! i've never seen anyone like this dude before!
"th-this dude"?
you may have conquered the gravity on this planet, but now the problem is your speed.
the saiyans that you have to fight are unbelievably strong.
kaio-sama!
do you know about the saiyans?!
l-listen, you! kaio-sama stands at the head of all the gods throughout the universe...
gregory, it's all right.
son goku, as i recall, you said something about yourself being a saiyan too, right?
yeah. but i don't know anything about saiyans.
apparently, i came to earth when i was a baby.
so that's how it is, huh?
in that case, let me tell you about the history of the saiyans.
really?
oh, my, thank you.
i'll just plop down here...
once upon a time...
there were two races of people who lived on a world named planet vegeta.
the saiyans, who are your forebears, and the tsufruians.
saiyans and tsufruians?
planet vegeta, like my own planet here, had an extremely strong gravity.
as a result, the tsufruians,
who controlled the larger half of planet vegeta,
were a race whose bodies were only about half the size of the saiyans.
however, they had a remarkable, comparatively advanced level of civilization.
on the other hand, the saiyans were a race that was very few in numbers,
but their bodies were bigger, not to mention stronger,
and they were an aggressive, primitive race.
the tails the saiyans had were their greatest distinguishing characteristic.
they were all warrior-like people, as it were.
at one point, these warriors bared their fangs,
and started to overrun the tsufruians.
the tsufruians greeted them with advanced weaponry of their own making.
the saiyans, who should have been utterly outnumbered, were incredibly strong,
and gradually, they brought the tsufruians under their control.
the decisive factor was the full moon,
which only appeared on planet vegeta once every eight years.
that's because when saiyans see the full moon, they transform into monsters.
for the tsufruians, this was their greatest threat, and they suffered the most damage this way.
and so, little by little, as the tsufruian civilization pulled back,
the saiyans quickly increased their numbers.
in time, they completely took over planet vegeta.
then, the saiyans took off into space, seeking to fight even more.
however, since the tsufruians had been exterminated,
further development of their civilization was slow to occur.
they realized that even though they wanted to fight,
they could not go out any farther into space.
so the saiyans joined forces with rich, advanced alien civilizations,
and in exchange for furnishing planets to these aliens for use in developing vacation estates,
they were able to obtain technology and money.
for the battle-hungry saiyans, this was killing two birds with one stone.
the saiyans' activities escalated swiftly,
and they even started sending babies to many other worlds, as was your case.
they had come up with long-term plans, whereby once the baby grew up,
it would exterminate the planet's population.
that's awfully overbearing!
but planet vegeta had its own kami.
he could not bear the saiyans' evil deeds,
and using his own powers, he pulled close some giant meteors,
which then collided with planet vegeta, causing it to explode.
including yourself, there were only four saiyans that survived.
no!
i ain't the same as those guys!
yes, well...
one has died, and the other two mightiest, most wicked saiyans-now heading to earth... are the only survivors.
i'm going to protect the earth!
gregory! we've got training! help me out, please!
my, my, these are the first respectful words i've heard out of you.
all right, i'll get you this time!
we'll see about that.
i won't let the saiyans have their way!
damn!
you have all far surpassed me.
there is no longer anything that either i or mister popo can teach you.
from now until the time of battle arrives,
you should go down to the surface and polish your techniques.
i leave the future to you.
right!
so, can i take off this heavy shirt, now?
do as you wish.
guys, let's go down to the surface and get to work!
we should still be able to power ourselves up, after all.
everyone, get better!
goku, i can't wait to see you again!
hammer in hand, two weeks went by...
almost there!
he's persistent!
all right!
oh, no!
brace yourself, gregory!
i did it!
it'd hurt if i hit you as hard as i could, after all.
you sure are benign. my body is harder than a rock.
you won't be able to beat the saiyans like that.
is that right? maybe so, but you've still got a bump growing there.
there are still 118 days remaining. he just might be able to master it!
the kaio-ken technique!
kaio-ken, the technique that i could picture in my dreams,
but was ultimately unable to perform myself...
as well as that finishing move...
kaio-sama, like you promised...
i know you're ready for this, but my training is harder than you can imagine!
can you handle it?!
mm-hmm, i'll give it a try!
you will be striving to be the best in the universe, the greatest in all the world,
both physically and mentally. got that?!
l 901: it!
all right, before we start... um, care to have some tea?
sis, i'd like you to tell the earth's future.
wh-what? the earth's future?
i want to know what's going to happen next year.
all right, i'll try to read it.
it's no use! not even i can tell the future this time!
all right, that's it! you're starting to control your ki!
weak!
what kind of technique is this kaio-ken?
and what is this finishing move?
the time of battle pitilessly drew ever nearer.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
gohan was desperately trying to endure piccolo's harsh style of training.
tenshinhan and the others had finished their training in the heavenly realm,
and had each returned to the lower realm to prepare for battle in their own way.
and goku was learning the kaio-ken technique
from kaio-sama himself at a surprisingly quick pace.
two days remained until the saiyans arrive.
"come forth, shen long! the saiyans finally arrive on earth."
this will be the last day of your training.
your joke studies might have been a little lacking,
but i think i've taught you the gist of it.
let's review everything up to now. try it all out.
first up, bubbles...
ready! start!
0.8 seconds! that's a new record!
next up, gregory...
right!
ready!
start!
here i go!
huh?
1.2 seconds!
unbelievable!
okay, what's next?
all right! last up, the genki dama check.
i've been waiting for this!
all right, ready, kaio-sama!
okay then, here goes!
try locking onto this giant brick at super-speed.
okay! super-speed!
no trouble at all!
nicely done, son goku.
i honestly didn't think you'd be able to handle the genki dama as well as this.
i really worked hard at it!
i know it's tedious hearing this so many times,
but the genki dama is a technique that takes
all of the genki energy from grass and trees,
from people and animals,
and even things and the atmosphere, and allocates a little bit
from each of their energies, concentrates it, and shoots it.
even a genki dama from a planet as small as this
had that kind of destructive force.
the earth, where you'll be fighting,
is so much larger than this planet, it doesn't even compare.
you can also harness the support of the sun's enormous energy.
it will be a genki dama of incredible power. if you slip up,
it wouldn't be too hard to destroy the very planet you're trying to protect.
if you can help it, don't use it at all,
although i will permit you to use it one time, if there's nothing else you can do. got it?
got it! i'm sure i can manage using just the kaio-ken technique!
that's it! the day of battle is nearly at hand.
the saiyans will land on earth tomorrow.
oh, hell!
wh-what?! what's wrong?!
well, it's just that... i didn't figure the time it would take
for you to go down the serpentine road again into my calculations.
k-kaio-sama, you mean you can't send me whooshing back to the lower realm?!
no...
i-i have to travel back down that road again?!
it took me all of half a year just to come here!
well, as you are now, you can get there in two days.
i'll tell earth's kami to come and pick you up.
that will still be a day too late! everyone will be killed!
stop your griping! even i make mistakes sometimes!
now, hurry and tell your friends on earth
to use those dragon ball things to have you brought back to life!
tell them?! how?!
put one of your hands on my back, and speak to them inside your mind.
that will get through to them.
r-really?
like this? hurry and tell them!
o-old timer! it's goku! can you hear me? hey, old timer!
nice! what a hot gal!
g-goku?! goku, is that you?! wh-where are you?! where are you?!
he heard me! old timer, i'm still in the other world.
i'm talking to you with my mind from here.
the other world?
have you gotten all the dragon balls together?
y-yeah. we've had them together for a while now, just to save you.
we all searched for them like mad.
thanks! so, i hate to ask, but could you summon shen long,
and get me brought back to life?
the saiyans are going to be on earth tomorrow!
wh-what?!
t-tomorrow, already? that's a whole month sooner than we thought.
hurry, old timer.
i'm going to be a little late, but i promise you, i'll manage something!
hey, goku!
um, you're hurting me...
i'm sorry'.!
a-all right, you got it! by the way, goku, how did it go?
i heard you were training there in the other world. how did that turn out?
fantastic!
that's a relief to hear.
hey, is he all right?
old man turtle hermit is muttering to himself in the bathroom.
i wonder if he's gone senile...
hey! get the dragon balls ready, now!
that was amazing, kaio-sama! i got right through to him!
well, sure you did.
i can finally come back to life.
all right. now, while you're waiting to be brought back to life,
let me do something about those heavy, tattered clothes of yours.
really?
awesome! they've gotten lighter!
they're not just lighter; they're made from a wonderfully hard-wearing fabric.
it will even deflect your more minor attacks.
thank you, kaio-sama!
terrific! the "turtle" mark is still in its place!
i was worried that my clothes would look ugly, like yours, kaio-sama!
well, excuse me.
i hope they bring me back to life soon!
the mark on your back is the most stylish point on the outfit, right?
yeah!
what's wrong with you?! you can't defeat your enemy by just dodging him!
oh, no! i must have inadvertently hit him a little too hard.
that's not fair. you said you wouldn't use your eyes.
don't be presumptuous! you think that sort of promise is valid when you're fighting?!
but piccolo-sen, you're not the enemy.
okay... come forth, shen long!
it's the middle of the day, yet suddenly it's gotten dark!
don't touch me!
n-no matter how many times you see it, it's still scary, huh?
speak forth thy wish. i shall grant thee any one wish.
s-say, um, asking for you to defeat the saiyans and save the earth...
would be useless for us to wish for, huh?
what are you talking about?! do you mean to let son-kun stay dead?!
l-it's not that!
it would be simpler this way, and we could always wish goku back the next time!
that wish is not possible. i was created of kami.
as such, i cannot grant a wish that surpasses kami's power.
then, please bring son goku back to life.
that will be an easy wish to grant.
son goku is about to come back to life, huh?
which would mean that the saiyans are coming sooner than we expected!
all right! the ring over your head has vanished! you're alive again!
they did it!
 move right!
remember, your foes are villains who are more powerful than you can imagine.
they won't allow you to be careless for even an instant.
you can't go thinking you can always be brought back to life again!
that's okay. you can only be brought back to life with the dragon balls once.
i'm going to go at them as hard as i can! watch me!
thanks for everything, kaio-sama! if i die, i'll come see you again.
bubbles!
gregory!
take care!
bye, now!
bye!
that guy must have bottomless strength!
and yet, his heart is clearer than crystal.
to think that there's a guy like that in the lower realm...
he has become even stronger than you, hasn't he, kaio-sama?
still, his sense of humor was lacking somewhat.
next time he comes here, i'll train him more on that.
whoo! so light, so light!
my body feels as light as downy fluff!
that's right!
this ain't any time to be impressed! i've got to hurry!
and so, the next day, at 11:43 in the morning,
the earth at last yielded itself to the two saiyans' incursion.
papa, i'm hungry.
is it that late already?
wh-what was that?
what happened?
th-this is a surprise!
it looks like something fell down here!
th-that's it, all right! that round thing fell down here!
there's one over here, too!
it's a person!
there's a person coming out of it!
over here, too!
it's a person!
wh-what the...?
so, the saiyans have finally come.
their ki is enormous, huh, piccolo-sen?
t-ten-san...
they're here a lot sooner than we thought.
at last, the dreaded day had arrived.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
at last, the mighty saiyans had arrived on earth.
however, even though goku, upon whom everyone was relying,
had been returned to life with the dragon balls,
it would still take him one day to travel back home along the serpentine road.
will the earth be safe until goku returns?
"unbelievable! saibaimen, born of the soil."
i-it's a person!
there's... there's a person coming out of it!
wh-what do those guys want?!
who are they?
"earth," they called it, right? not a bad planet, is it?
shall we say hello to those annoying, peeping little chicks?
not too hard, now.
what was that?!
wh-what the hell did they do?!
wh-what the...?
l-it's unheard-of!
perhaps that greeting was a bit too polite.
leave it at that, nappa. if we go at it too excessively,
we won't be able to sell this planet for a high price.
o-oh, yeah.
now that you mention it, we were going to look for those whatever-they're-called balls,
which can grant us any wish, huh?
dragon balls.
how about we first find the one who killed raditz,
and ask him about the dragon balls?
sure.
now, supposing that one of those dragon ball things was in the area,
our wish for eternal life would have been wiped out,
thanks to that senseless "greeting" of yours.
s-sorry about that. it completely slipped my mind.
well, what's done is done. first thing we need to do
is find the guy who has the highest battle power.
he'll be the one who killed raditz. either him, or kakarrot's son.
that's strange. i'm picking up more than just one or two readings
that have a battle power higher than 1,000.
what are they doing on this planet?
don't panic. they're still no match for us.
in any case, find the one who has the highest battle power.
i found him!
there are two fairly high battle powers together.
all right, nappa, let's go have some fun.
currently, the cause of the large-scale earthquake is a complete mystery.
all communications with metro east,
which is thought to have been the epicenter of this earthquake, have been cut off,
and the safety of its residents is in doubt.
th-they're finally here, are they?
let's go help them out. with this, i can tell where they are.
l-i'm going over my dead body!
l-i'm going! i'm sure yamucha-sama will be going, too!
no, let's not.
there's too great a difference in our levels.
even if i did go, i'd just be in the way.
all we can do is pray for their victory from here.
y-you're probably right.
right! right!
yamucha-sama, don't die!
son-kun, get here soon!
get here soon!
hold out until i get there, everyone!
this is great! this planet "earth" here has fairly little gravity,
and we can move with no difficulty at all!
they're moving at incredible speed!
they're heading straight for that area where those two other large ki are!
is that where tenshinhan-san and them are?
or is it where piccolo and goku's son are?
they're coming. they intend to come here.
right.
chaozu, you stay here!
no way! i'm coming, too! i trained hard, and i'm coming!
together with you, ten-san!
wh-what the hell happened here?!
er, the scene is more terrible than you can imagine.
metro east has been wiped out without a trace.
what in the world could have happened here?
chief, how is the investigation coming?
we haven't the faintest idea.
this ain't no ordinary case!
who is that?
i knew it! so this was the saiyans' doin'!
are they tellin' me i gotta fight someone with this kinda power?!
h-hey, you!
what are you doing there?! a-are you the one who did this?!
you dimwit! there ain't no way i coulda done this!
if i had this sorta power, i wouldn't be so scared, y'know?!
you know something, don't you?!
chief!
hey!
this was done by aliens, who're called "saiyans"!
wh-what?! aliens?!
they're fixin' to exterminate everyone on earth! every last one!
my boys're fightin' 'em right now for ya, to make sure they don't get their way.
ya got that?!
of all things!
come on, now, it's dangerous for the general public to be here!
go home! go home!
there are guys like this one running around out there, you know.
true, true...
all right then, you guys! how do you explain this weird situation?! eh?!
'sides, look over there at those!
kind of large for basketballs, aren't they?
you stupid numbskull!
n-numbskull?!
those're the spaceships that the saiyans came in!
"spaceships?! "spaceships?! "spaceships?!
th-they couldn't be!
so check 'em out!
hey, crime lab!
"y es'? "yes?
examine... examine those things.
 right! right!
i'm from aho tv. c-come over here a second...
i'd like to hear all the details.
i tell ya, i sure am gettin' hungry, here...
y-you want an appearance fee? c-chief!
th-this definitely is not of this earth!
wh-what?!
i'll pay you whatever money you ask! so, where are these saiyan guys now?
aho tv-san, you're not getting the scoop on us!
we'll pay as much as you like, too.
us, too!
us, as well!
us, too!
me, too!
in that case, to keep ya all from fightin', i'll tell ya all!
you can stick your wads of bills in here.
how's that?
l 901: it!
they're that way!
no, this way, this way!
lessee...
about 6,000 kilometers in that direction.
6,000 kilos?
south, huh?
i won't steer ya wrong, though. you'd best not get too close to 'em.
these're some pretty horrific guys, after all.
we're going to be the first ones there, for sure!
no, we are!
we're leaving, too!
we're going to capture the aliens!
hunh, no hope for 'em.
all right... i'm gonna eat my fill with this!
could be the last meal lever eat in this world...
prob'ly...
the time was 12:20 p.m. the birds and animals
sensed a presence out of the ordinary, and had begun leaving the area.
there's nothing to be afraid of.
we've become so strong, it's incomparable to what we were a year ago.
r-right!
something is coming this way from that direction, too!
and someone is coming from over here, as well!
w-weren't there only going to be two saiyans?
a saiyan?!
hey, long time no see, piccolo.
oh, it's you, huh?
what business do you have here? did you come to get in our way?
don't talk like that. i've improved a little, myself.
so it appears. looks like there are some other fools who mean to come here.
yeah, i'm sure everyone is coming. i guess i was just the closest one.
i remember! you're one of the people that was at the turtle hermit-sama's place.
yeah, kuririn. you've beefed up quite a bit, haven't you?
you're just like goku was, when he was a kid.
you're small, but strong, right? father said that about you a lot.
you're going to fight alongside us, right?
he didn't have to include that "small" part.
that jerk... he grows a little bit taller, and thinks he's so big...
still, it must have been rough, having piccolo train you like this, right?
mm-hmm. but piccolo-sen is a much better person than i thought.
enough chit-chat! they're here!
there they are, there they are!
there's one more of them now, making three tough guys.
it appears that they know all about us.
th-those are the saiyans, huh?
indeed, i can sense an incredible ki from them.
d-danger truly is closing in on us!
it looks as though you've been waiting anxiously for us.
you've got that right.
just for the record, let me ask you,
what the hell have you come here for?
that voice...
so, you're the one who defeated raditz, right?
voice?
didn't raditz tell you?
this acts as a communicator, too.
he's a namekian!
so it would seem. i guess it's not that surprising that raditz was done in.
namekian?
piccolo! y-you're an alien, too? that would explain...
i-is that right, piccolo-sen?
i get it. in addition to having an unusually high battle power,
i've heard that namekians have certain remarkable abilities.
i'm a namekian?
i've also heard that there are some of them that can perform magician-like feats.
you must be the one who created these dragon ball things.
y-you even know about the dragon balls?!
the dragon balls are our first objective.
hand them over to us without making any trouble.
even if you are namekian, by yourself, you're no more than a housefly to us.
thanks. because of you, i'm more-or-less starting to understand my heritage.
but, unfortunately for you, i'm not the one who created the dragon balls.
i'm the kind that specializes in fighting, you see.
come try me, and we'll see whether or not i'm a housefly!
kambsama...
i-i didn't know. to think that i am an alien...
no wonder i always felt so different from everyone else.
i am definitely the one who created the dragon balls long ago.
even though it was the first time i had ever made any, they seemed strangely familiar.
there was probably someone on planet namek
that also created something like the dragon balls.
there were still memories of my distant ancestors within me.
pipe down!
it looks like you don't have any intention of telling us about the dragon balls.
fine with me. you'll talk, even if i have to force it out of you!
981...
1,220...
1,083...
miserable fools! you plan on facing us with that kind of battle power?
nappa, take off your scouter.
what?
these guys can alter their battle powers in response to the battle.
we can't rely on these values anymore.
now that you mention it, that's right.
that idiotic wimp raditz got done in
because he got overconfident in his scouter's figures, after all.
"th-that wimp raditz"?
r-raditz was that saiyan that you and goku barely managed to defeat together, right?
wimp, huh?
i know... what do you say we have ourselves a look at what they are capable of?
hey, nappa, there are still six saibaimen left, right? bring them out.
vegeta, you sure do like having a good time, huh?
s-saibaiman?
wh-what's that?
six of them, all right.
once you see the saibaimen,
i imagine you'll want to tell us about the dragon balls.
this soil will grow some fine saibaimen.
wh-what is that?
all right!
th-those guys are creepy!
th-these guys are pretty good!
so it would appear.
those three are your targets. do them some harm, saibaimen.
saibaimen, born of the soil...
their power is the real deal.
will gohan...
kuririn...
and piccolo be able to hold out against them until goku returns?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the power of the saiyans who had landed on earth was something fearsome.
however, it would still take son goku, on whom everyone was counting,
one day to travel back home along the serpentine road.
piccolo, gohan, and kuririn were the first to face the saiyans.
however, the saiyans themselves were not going to fight;
instead, they brought forth six strange creatures, called saibaimen, out from the dirt.
those three are your targets. do them some harm, saibaimen.
"yamucha dies! the terror of the saibaimen."
gohan! don't take your eyes off of theirs!
r-right!
there's nothing to be afraid of.
right!
gohan, don't lose your nerve!
r-right!
this time, shall we take the fight to them?
kuririn!
tenshinhan!
chaozu, you're here, too?
mm-hmm!
weren't there only supposed to be two saiyans?
well, a lot has happened. it looks like there are more of them.
however many there are, it's all the same.
is that him? goku's son?
yeah. he appears to have been trained quite a bit by piccolo.
he's got a fine look to him.
what shrimps...
saibaimen, make them all suffer!
just a minute!
kuririn, sorry i'm late.
yamucha-san!
i guess we're all here, except for goku.
yeah!
1... 2... 3... 4... 5... 6, huh?
interesting. the exact number of saibaimen that we have here.
yes, it is.
how about you all take turns fighting each one of our soldiers?
it will be a game.
a game?! ridiculous!
stop beating around the bush and let's settle this right here and now!
now, now, where's the harm? it works out better for our side to do it this way.
goku hasn't arrived yet, after all.
very well.
i'll lead off. now, come and get it!
he's going to be bowled over once he realizes how strong the saibaimen are!
so, which one of you is going to face me?
you go first. hammer him with all you've got. understood?
t-ten-san, good luck!
we're going to start reporting from above the scene now...
whoa! those are the saiyans!
the saiyans!
noisy mosquitoes!
okay, saibaiman! don't hold back! crush him!
these saiyans appear to possess tremendous power. is everything all right?
you idiot! 'course everything ain't all right!
l-like i said, my boys're fightin' with 'em for your sakes right now!
who do you mean when you say "my boys"? won't you be surprised when i tell ya!
the winner of the tenkaichi tournament, son goku.
with him're tenshinhan, and piccolo, as well.
that is amazing!
so, everything'll be okay.
prob'ly...
there's a good chance that this'll be my last meal...
but i can't tell 'em that!
muten roshi-sama, are you sure that goku has been returned to life?
gyumao!
he should be heading to where piccolo and the others are, right now.
w-well then...
wh-where is my gohan?
muten roshi-sama, where is my gohan?
he's still with piccolo and the others.
chichi!
l-lncredible!
wh-what?!
you did it!
that's tenshinhan for you!
incredible!
i-impossible!
saibaimen have a battle power of 1,200.
they're on par with raditz, as far as power goes!
his battle power must be higher than that.
b-but...
it's simple arithmetic.
that wasn't in our data...
nappa, it looks like these guys are going to be somewhat entertaining.
ten-san! he's getting up!
v-vegeta! how could you do that?
wh-what is this strange uneasiness i'm feeling?
i've got a bad feeling about this.
piccolo, hang in there somehow until i get back! i'm counting on you!
wh-why?
anything more would be a waste of time. he couldn't win.
that saibaiman took him too lightly when he attacked.
i told him to go at it with everything he's got.
h-how could he do that?!
th-that saiyan blew that monster to bits in the blink of an eye!
what destructive force!
we'll be okay from here. this special lens is working out great!
there's so much energy colliding in the area, we can't get very close.
this is almost as if the end of the world were approaching, it's such a spectacle.
now, who's going to be next?
you guys, go all-out from the start this time!
a-all right... i'll face them.
wait, kuririn.
yamucha-san...
let me do this. i want to show them that we've had enough of their games.
yamucha-san, i can do that...
you've already been brought back to life once by the dragon balls.
supposing that the unthinkable happens, you couldn't come back to life again.
let me handle this. i'm going to take care of the other five all at the same time.
y-yamucha-san...
what a beautiful friendship you must have. all right, you take him on.
all right, come on! don't you take us so lightly!
he's getting cocky.
give us a look...
at how truly terrifying you saibaimen are!
th-these are the saiyans!
these are the saiyans that have plunged us into depths of terror!
oh, that face!
it's one of the regulars from the tenkaichi tournament!
yamucha!
yamucha-sama's face is looking even tougher now, isn't it?
it's not just his face. his abilities are a lot greater now, too.
bulma, you're taken with him again, aren't you?
d-don't be silly!
once they defeat the saiyans, you could get married, couldn't you, bulma-san?
y-you don't mean... i mean, marriage!
oh, that's the face of piccolo daimao!
it's gohan!
g-gohan-chan!
he's lookin' a lot tougher, huh?
gohan-chan... look at how you've become...
g-gohan-chan is in the same place as those revoltin' monsters?
chichi!
wh-why isn't goku there?
th-they vanished!
you fool! they're moving at high speed! try feeling out the movement of their ki.
th-the movement of their ki?
everyone except for you can see them.
you all can see them? all right, then!
use your whole body as your eyes.
my whole body as my eyes?
do you see them?
i see them!
you're not getting away!
you did it!
l-lncredible!
he did it!
yamucha-sama!
yamucha did it!
not again!
looks like these monsters aren't as strong as you think they are.
wh-what did you say?
keep your head, nappa.
i'll take care of the other four by myself, too.
it appears that this time, you're the ones who took the saibaimen too lightly.
what?
oh, crap!
n-no!
yamucha!
yes. that will do.
wh-what a fiend! he blew himself up!
h-how awful!
h-he's dead...
wh-what's wrong with yamucha? what happened, oolong?
l-i'm not sure. i couldn't hear what he said.
yamucha-sama! yamucha-sama! yamucha-sama!
yamucha-sama!
yamucha-sama!
bulma...
no!
y-yamucha-san must have had a bad feeling about this.
th-that's why he went in my place. damn it all!
damn it all! what do i tell pu-erh and bulma-san?!
what a pathetic saibaiman... ending in a draw!
what did he think he was doing, against scum like that?!
hey, clean that filth up. he's polluting up the place.
you dirty bastard!
get back, everyone!
yamucha-san, i'll avenge you, no matter what!
let me show you the results of my training!
having watched yamucha die before his eyes, kuririn's fury has erupted!
what were the results of his training?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
with the fate of the earth at stake,
the deathmatch between the saiyans and piccolo and the others continued.
and so, at length, yamucha became its first casualty.
y-yamucha-san must have had a bad feeling about this.
th-that's why he went in my place.
damn it all! damn it all! what do i tell pu-erh and bulma-san?!
"farewell, ten-san! chaozu's suicide strategy."
there, there...
y-yamucha...
pu-erh!
hey, pu-erh!
stay with me! hey!
pu-erh too, huh?
my, my, the sofa is going to be all full at this rate.
come on, bulma, take heart.
what are you talking about?! how can i be calm with yamucha dying?!
you don't have to worry about yamucha.
this is the first time yamucha has died, right?
we can always bring him back to life with the dragon balls, can't we?
that's right! that's right, isn't it?
yes, that's right!
you dirty old man!
what a pathetic saibaiman... ending in a draw!
what did he think he was doing, against scum like that?!
hey, clean that up. he's dirtying up the place.
that pile of filth.
you dirty bastard!
get back, everyone!
let me show you the results of my training!
go'.!
what is that...
slow-moving blast?
we'll be caught in the blast!
it's got tremendous energy, but almost no speed at all.
it's like it's saying, "get out of the way!"
you did it!
he did it! he did it!
he did it! he did it! he did it! he did it!
h-hold on, b-bulma... l-let me go...
l-lncredible!
kuririn, are you okay?
yeah. but i missed one of them.
burn in hell!
just what you'd expect from piccolo.
i shudder to think about him becoming my enemy again someday.
thank you, piccolo-sen.
don't get the wrong idea. you think i would save you?
i was just warming up for the marvelous battle that is about to get underway.
assuming that's the kind of fight it turns out to be...
well then, as you wish, how about we put an end to the games?
this means it's time for the real thing!
impossible! it had hardly any effect on him at all!
they were hit dead-on!
l-i did that at full power!
so that's what a saiyan is, is it?
please let me handle them. i'll put all five of them away in the blink of an eye.
do as you like.
however...
do not kill the namekian.
we'll need to get him to tell us about the dragon balls afterward.
yes, understood.
now then, entertain me the best that you can. first off...
i'll start with you!
let me handle this!
piccolo-sen!
looks like this is going to be somewhat fun!
what?
th-the ground is shaking!
l-it's no use!
ten-san!
m-my telekinetic powers aren't working!
th-this can't be!
piccolo-sen!
stand firm, gohan!
b-but...!
control your ki!
don't let yourself be browbeaten by this level of ki!
r-right!
s-still, i had no idea it would be this bad...
hmm? is that...?
the snake princess' palace.
wh-what was that just now?
beats me.
if memory serves, that was the midpoint of the serpentine road.
all right, everyone, just you wait!
chaozu! be careful!
h-here he comes!
now then, which one of you shall i take care of first?
tenshinhan!
get out of there!
ten-san!
hmph! what fragile folk.
now to finish you!
you filthy bastard!
tenshinhan-san!
that's one tough bastard. he's still alive.
wh-what power he has!
dammit! tenshinhan!
wait!
he's had it! leave him alone!
don't interrupt!
i can't see the bottom of the hole! unbelievable!
what an incredible energy wave!
ch-chaozu!
was he done in just now?!
chaozu!
don't worry!
i'll send you to him soon enough... in the next world!
d-damn...
nappa! look behind you!
chaozu!
why, you...!
when did you get back there?! come on, let go!
why, you - why, you... runt!
come on! come on!
chaozu! get away from him!
chaozu-san!
look at him.
look at him! don't turn away.
this is what fighting is.
you're a persistent one!
chaozu! that's enough! get away from him!
t-ten-san...
thank you.
wh-what are you saying... chaozu?
get away from there! get away from there, now!
i enjoyed... being together... with you...
chaozu! what are you thinking?!
farewell, ten-san. please don't die.
d-don't tell me... you're...!
farewell. farewell!
stop! chaozu!
farewell!
chaozu!
blowing himself up and taking them both out...
that was a pretty drastic thing to do.
for a little squirt, that was nicely done.
that was a worthless thing to do!
nappa, he sure gave you a lot of trouble, considering.
l-i-it can't be! how can he be unfazed?! th-that's awful!
chaozu even gave up his life!
chaozu has already been brought back to life with the dragon balls.
he can't be brought back to life again! dammit!
you're going to pay for this!
it looks like you still don't realize how fearsome we are!
the only thing you have coming to you is death!
the warriors are falling, one by one.
is there anything that tenshinhan and the others can do
in the face of the saiyans' powers, which are far greater than they anticipated?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
farewell, ten-san. please don't die.
stop! chaozu!
the saiyans were so formidable that not even chaozu giving his life
by blowing himself up could budge them.
has goku, who had finished his training in the other world, still not arrived?
hurry, goku!
"tenshinhan cries out!! this is my final kikoho."
dammit... i've got a bad feeling about this. hurry! hurry!
ch-chaozu...
who's going to play with me next?
l-it had no effect at all!
chaozu won't be able to rest in peace like this!
looks like his death was for nothing.
chaozu!
be grateful! i'm going to send you to meet him again in the other world soon enough!
y-you'll pay for this!
you're definitely going to pay for this!
incredible!
you can't be too careful getting near him!
tenshinhan! get him back for yamucha and chaozu!
hang in there, tenshinhan!
the only thing driving tenshinhan is his determination.
he's fighting on determination alone.
more trouble with this? what on earth is the problem?!
hey! can't you get any closer?!
th-this is intense!
out of breath already? you should start seeing the other world soon.
at this rate, tenshinhan-san will be done in, too.
i've got to do something!
stop!
we've got a slight, momentary opening on him when he moves to attack.
we'll watch for that moment.
got that, gohan?
yes...
that's a good strategy.
i hope it goes well for you.
are you sure you should be looking away? you'll miss your chance.
you sure are confident. but you won't be able to stand there
with that stupid look on your face once son goku arrives.
oh? and who is that? your ace-in-the-hole?
you just look forward to it.
tenshinhan-san!
looks like this is the end of the line for you.
i'll put you out of your misery right now.
see you in hell!
now! scatter, kuririn, gohan!
yeah!
you're finished! die!
what?!
gohan! now! shoot him!
gohan?
gohan!
take aim!
i'm scared!
you dirty brat!
no!
we missed him! our timing was too late!
l-i'm sorry... uncle piccolo!
you really did a number on me. you've shortened your lives even further.
fine! i've decided to change the order in which i'm going to kill you.
brace yourselves!
what the matter, kami-sama?
it looks like my life will only last a little longer.
death... death is close at hand.
which means... don't tell me!
piccolo is going to be killed.
and so will everyone else.
wh-what about goku?
i still cannot sense his presence.
goku, hurry! hurry, goku!
that was some awesome speed oni!
hang in there oni!
guys, sit tight!
ch-chaozu...
you guys aren't too bright to be making me angry.
i'll get you two together!
what do we do?
that brat!
well now, which one will i amuse myself with first?
i'll leave the namekian there alive, but barely breathing.
we have to find out more about the dragon balls from you.
you're lucky, piccolo.
they think that you're the only one who knows about the dragon balls.
it's all the same. they're planning to kill us all, in any case.
all right, we go on the offensive first! we're going to attack him!
crafty...
here goes!
uncle!
uncle...
we don't need any cowards like you. go on home to bed, right now!
tenshinhan-san! are you dead?
piccolo, now what? is there anything we can do?
no.
i didn't think he was going to be this big a monster.
he goes far beyond the saiyan that came earlier.
it's too late for regrets to do any good now!
here i come!
tenshinhan-san!
ch-chaozu...
ten-san...
chaozu!
ten-san, i'm sorry. i didn't do any good.
chaozu...
tenshinhan-san...
ten-san, i'm sorry...
chaozu!
chaozu, i will avenge you! and then i'll be coming.
i won't let you be lonesome all by yourself!
this... this will be my final...
kikoho!
did he get him?!
you gave me a start...
it didn't work at all against him!
don't tell me he's immortal!
n-no!
miserable fool! he could have just lain there,
but he instead used up his power and died for nothing.
l-it can't be! not tenshinhan too!
this is awful. it's a nightmare. how can everyone be dying, one after another?
goku! get here soon!
goku! goku!
please! goku!
goku?
they've been saying that for a while.
hang on...
another one has been taken care of! your turn comes next!
let's go down on the ground and fight.
he's far more used to mid-air fighting than us.
it'll all end up the same, no matter where it happens.
writhe! writhe!
here goes!
h-he's coming! father!
wait, nappa!
wh-what is it? why don't you let me get them?
don't be hasty. there's something i want to ask them.
this son goku person you're talking about is kakarrot, isn't it?
that's right. what of it?
to think that you are falling back on kakarrot...
he couldn't even stand against raditz.
what good will it do you when he gets here?
he won't be the same as he was back then! he's sure to be much, much stronger!
don't you look down your noses at son goku!
but for all that, he's not here, is he?!
are you sure he hasn't gotten scared and run away?!
h-he'll be here! father will surely be here!
he's going to take care of you guys!
that reliance of yours is something else.
interesting. we're going to wait until he gets here.
ah, that's lame! let's put these guys away right now!
however, only for three hours.
we won't wait any longer than that.
that's absurd! i'm going to play with them right now!
nappa! didn't you hear what i said?!
s-sorry. i got carried away.
that's how it's going to be. your lives have been extended somewhat. be grateful.
be reasonable. this is his first actual fight, after all.
i'm the pathetic one for expecting anything from you.
get out of here, you coward!
be that as it may, the way that huge guy just got timid...
does that mean that vegeta runt over there is even more ridiculously strong?
how can that be?
i'm just itching to do something here! let's get them, right now!
just wait. three more hours. wait three more hours,
and you'll be able to watch a magnificent, hellish show.
vegeta's scheme is appalling.
what exactly will this hellish show in three hours be?
is he saying that the extinction of earth will happen in three hours?
will goku arrive in time?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the power of the saiyans who had arrived on earth was overwhelming.
yamucha...
chaozu...
and tenshinhan had been defeated in succession.
however, son goku, upon whom everyone was hoping, had not yet arrived.
moment by moment, piccolo and the others' deaths were drawing nearer.
however, just then...
wait!
very well. we will wait until kakarrot gets here.
however, only for three hours. we won't wait any longer than that.
"an intense three-hour delay! the kinto un bullet-express."
wh-why do we have to wait for kakarrot?!
because he is a traitor to us saiyans.
we have to punish traitors. we're going to kill his son and his friends...
right before his eyes.
after that, we're going to deal with him, nice and slow.
we're going to make him aware of just how powerless he is, as he writhes in agony.
and today, after another three or four hours...
we should be able to put on a magnificent, hellish show for him.
i get it! so that's why! that sounds great!
that's all assuming that he gets here in the next three hours.
i'll leave kakarrot to you, but please let me take those other three!
do as you like. however,
do it after we get the namekian to tell us about the dragon balls.
i sure hope that kakarrot does come!
kuririn-san...
dammit, what are you doing, goku? has he really come back to life?
say, at this point, what if we ran away?
there's no way we can win. this is no time to be stubborn!
fool! they plan on wiping out all of humanity in any case.
even if you run away now, you'll end up the same.
d-dammit! please, goku, get here!
show us how much stronger than them you've become!
hurry! hurry! hurry!
n yet'?
guys! hang in there a little longer!
piccolo, goku is sure to be here in the next three hours, right?
who knows?
think of some way to inflict some damage on them,
however little, before son goku gets here.
regardless of how much power goku may have gained at kaio's place,
his chances of fighting both of them and winning are next to impossible.
we've made some tremendous enemies here.
if only i... i had been more reliable earlier, tenshinhan-san...
might not have had to die...
that's right!
who knew you were such a coward?!
piccolo, be reasonable. gohan is still only five years old.
ordinarily, he'd be in kindergarten right now.
it's miraculous that he's even here, isn't it?
kuririn-san...
gohan, i thought i had raised you up to be a man.
piccolo-sen!
p-please re-train me for the next three hours!
don't act like a spoiled child!
i've got no time for cowards! get out of here, now!
p-piccolo-san!
p-piccolo!
gohan, i've taught you everything i know.
gohan, come back! you've got to show goku how big and strong you've grown!
gohan!
kid!
you trying to run away?!
well, that would be the smart thing to do.
wh-who's running away?!
i just have to go pee!
and if you guys are going to go home, now is your chance.
what was that? i didn't hear you.
your momma's belly-button sticks out!
that brat! h-how...
how did you know my mommy's belly-button sticks out?!
the mysterious energy that had enveloped the battleground has disappeared,
as though it were never there, which has allowed us to get closer,
so we are going to try to get in as close to the scene as we can.
what in the world could be happening? i am unaware of the details,
but could it be that they have called a time-out?
l-in any event, it's certain that the intense fighting
that was going on earlier is not occurring now.
could they be taking a break?
what could this be?
i don't care what it is.
if they can buy even one minute... one second of time to let goku come back,
nothing could work to our advantage better.
i guess so. i wonder if son-kun will get back during this time.
on the other hand,
if piccolo gets killed, kami-sama dies too, right?
what happens to our world if that happens?!
isn't it obvious?
either way, if son-kun and the others don't defeat those saiyans...
all of us are going to be killed.
goku! get here quick and defeat them!
if i have to die anyway,
i wish i could have collected more gals' panties before i went.
frankly, that's not possible.
then there's no way they can win?!
i'm saying that there aren't any gals that are stupid enough
to let their panties be stolen by you.
why, you jerk... gohan!
chichi, have you come around? are you okay?
pa!
wh-where's gohan-chan?
relax.
he's still all right.
gohan-chan!
he's doin' fine.
we have to hurry and save him!
we can't! that's nowhere that we can get close to!
all we can do is wait here.
gohan-chan...
i'm going to go have a little fun.
i can't just sit still here for three hours, after all.
suit yourself. but nappa, don't go overdoing it, now.
why not?
for the sake of the hellish show we're going to have in three hours.
that's vegeta for you!
it'll be fine, don't worry about it!
one of the saiyans has taken to the skies by himself!
where exactly is he planning to go?
l-it appears that he is coming toward our direction!
he is rapidly approaching us!
g-get us out of here!
h-he's chasing after us!
h-here he comes!
run!
you guys are a blight! away with you!
g-gohan-chan...
ch-chichi!
so this planet has this sort of military, does it?
this should be a good time killer.
i thought these guys would be a little more effective, but they're all worthless.
beat it!
you guys were a waste of my time.
by the way, hasn't goku come by the way yet?
no matter how funny my jokes are, this is no time for laughs.
the fate of the earth is at stake!
hurry, son goku!
i see it!
just a little farther!
goku's presence?!
yeah! he is getting close! he just might be in time!
another two hours, huh?
you know, this planet earth here
is a more wondrous world than any i've seen before.
we'll be able to sell this one for a lot!
so this is the level of people it has, huh?
one more hour.
kakarrot hasn't just lost his nerve and run away, right?
go for broke...
looks like that's all we can do.
he's arrived! son goku has arrived!
oh, kami-sama! hurry!
the serpentine road has ended!
that was fast! that was wonderfully fast!
now then, there are only ten minutes left.
shall i finish up with a little more fun?
scream! suffer! writhe in agony!
you'd only live until tonight anyhow.
we're going to turn all of you on earth into space dust.
and the most hellish show still awaits.
there are two powerful ki, separated from each other.
what's going on?
and so, with goku still absent, the three hours had passed.
time.
damn!
looks like waiting for him didn't do any good.
he's still not here?
that coward kakarrot did not come.
f-father is not a coward!
dammit! why isn't he here?!
son goku...
now then, to take my time in making you hurt...
it's too bad i couldn't show this to kakarrot, though.
it's almost time when i could die, too... dammit, i feel like a suicide trooper!
there's only one possibility for us to beat him.
of course, that's only if everything goes well. listen up.
first, kuririn, you go all-out to draw his attention.
and then i will find an opening to grab his tail, a saiyan's weak point.
r-right...
once his power fails him, and he can't move,
gohan, you'll call up all of your power and rush him. got that?
yes. it'll be okay. i won't run away this time.
of course you won't. remember that the fate of the earth rests in your hands!
all right!
awesome! that's piccolo for you! i'm starting to see a little light here.
we just might win!
gohan, believe in yourself!
when you set your mind to it, your power is even greater than mine.
all right!
goku!
kambsama'.!
hurry and grab hold!
you're on!
th-that kid! he really did come back from kaio-sama's place!
okay, i'm off!
my training went great!
we're counting on you! good luck, son goku!
guys!
gohan!
please be alive!
here he comes! son goku is quite tired.
hey!
karin-sama!
here are the last two senzu beans!
thank you!
these will be a great help!
we're all counting on you!
i'll eat one of them right now...
all right, i'm at full health!
kinto un!
it's been a long time, huh?!
i could sure use your help!
there are some incredible ki gathered all together! that way!
hurry, goku!
we're counting on you, goku!
as fast as you can!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in the face of the overwhelming power boasted by the saiyans,
yamucha, chaozu, and tenshinhan had been defeated.
elsewhere, son goku, who had finally made his way back to kami-sama,
spurred kinto un to rush to the field of battle.
kinto un!
"leave it to me! gohan's great burst of anger."
looks like kakarrot has decided to lay low.
what a coward.
f-father is not a coward!
d-dammit...
what's become of you, goku?!
hurry, kinto un!
go. go, go! go!
at this point, it looks like we'll have to fight them with just the three of us.
you know what to do. let's go with that plan.
y-yeah.
first, i draw his attention as much as i can.
i'll find an opening, and grab his tail, the saiyans' weakness.
once his power fails, and he can't move...
i-i rush him as hard as i can.
that's right. watch yourself!
what are you all mumbling about? it won't do any good.
what can you guys do against me?
we'll show you what we can do, right now!
all right!
here goes!
he's started charging me all of a sudden!
keep his attention!
now!
why, you...!
gohan!
we did it!
you fools!
i-impossible!
p-piccolo-san!
whoa, don't you die, now.
we still have to have you tell us about the dragon balls.
l-it can't be!
hell of a miscalculation, huh?
did you think we would leave our weak spot untrained forever?
that's too bad. the best that this planet had to offer,
and this is what happens to him after one blow.
p-piccolo-san!
shake it off! piccolo-sen!
piccolo-sen! piccolo-sen!
l-it's hopeless now...
now then, while he has gone beddy-bye,
i think i'll toy around with the little squirts.
i'll start with kakarrot's son.
hey, you've inherited the blood of a true saiyan.
you'll be able to amuse me for a little while, right?
you know, your old man is pretty cold, huh?
letting his own son die like this...
dammit, what's going on here?! the tv isn't showing anything!
come on, come on, come on!
it's no use.
i'm sure that things aren't going so smoothly
that they can provide us with a tv broadcast.
y-you don't think that everyone has been killed already, do you?
don't you say anything dire like that again!
ch-chichi, what are you doin', gussied up like that?
"th-those are lunch-saws..."
i can't take it anymore! i'm goin' to rescue gohan!
d-don't be ridiculous! if you go now, you're goin' to be killed!
i don't care! i'm goin' to die together with gohan!
h-hold on, now!
chichi! calm down!
let me go, pa! let me go!
let go of me! i-i'm goin'!
pa! let go of me! i' goin'! i'm goin'! i'm gain-g pm 90" !
now see here, chichi! you're goin' to get killed!
i'm tellin' you no! i'm goin' to go rescue gohan-chan!
come on, re-think this! i'm goin' where gohan is!
chichi!
tenshinhan...
yamucha...
son-kun...
i believe in you.
i'm sure... i'm sure you're going to save the earth.
hey now, don't you snuff it just yet! amuse me a little longer.
that's more like it!
stop!
ho, at least his moves are pretty good.
you dirty brat! bounce around, will you?!
let me show you something i've been saving.
kienzan'.!
what a worthless technique!
nappa! get out of the way!
that idiot! can't he tell what kind of technique that is?!
d-damn!
wh-why, you...!
how dare you wound my face!
away with you!
k-kuririn-san!
now to finish you!
y-you bastard!
a-are you awake already?!
looks like you're having a hard time with them, nappa!
don't you... don't you look down on earth, saiyan!
wh-wh-why, you! now i'm mad! i was holding back against you,
since we can't kill you because of the dragon balls.
but don't get too full of yourself!
you're the one who's too full of himself!
wh-what ki is this?!
th-there's an incredible ki coming this way from far off!
l-it's true! a-an amazing, yet familiar ki!
n-no doubt about it. i can feel it.
you guys are all just spouting nonsense! what is this?!
it could only be him. it's son goku!
just a little farther, goku. hurry! make haste!
it's son goku! son goku is coming! i knew he was sure to come!
damn that bastard, making us wait for him!
f-father! father really is coming! hurry!
g-goku...
kakarrot?
where is he?
these guys have the unusual ability to sense someone's presence.
is it kakarrot? let's see...
i'm close. i can feel them. there are two enormous ki,
two even more enormous ki, and one small ki...
that number ain't right. has somebody died?
kinto un, please hurry faster!
vegeta-sama!
is what these guys are saying true?
is kakarrot really headed this way?
i don't know whether it's kakarrot or not, but someone will be here in about four minutes.
someone with a battle power of five thousand.
five... five thousand?! that's impossible!
it's definitely a reading that makes it unthinkable
that this is the same kakarrot as before.
what's more, these guys are able to alter their readings.
that means it's at least five thousand.
th-that can't be! it must be some kind of mistake!
it's unusual to see this guy panicked.
nappa! kill them! if all four of them team up, it could be a problem for us!
it will also serve as a warning to kakarrot!
what?!
but what about the dragon balls?
i don't care! i have an idea.
if we go to planet namek, the home world of that namekian,
i'm sure that there will be dragon balls that are even more powerful.
i thought they were just worthless stories, but if kakarrot really has come back to life,
then those legends are true after all.
i get you. but kakarrot being five thousand has to be a mechanical malfunction.
well, it doesn't matter. it doesn't change the fact that i get to kill them all.
i'll start with you!
p-piccolo-san, run!
i'll stop him one way or another until father gets here!
what?!
after all, if you die, piccolo-sen, then kami-sama dies too,
and the dragon balls will...
you're talking nonsense! there's no way you can stop him by yourself!
stop me, you say? me?
l-if this keeps up, there won't be any going back...
i-it's no use... i can't move...
don't make me laugh, you brat!
no!
l-lncredible! d-did he get him?
why, you brat! this is where it ends!
n-no!
goku...
who... who are you?
they're sour!
piccolo leaps in to rescue gohan from his pinch.
what will be piccolo's fate?
hurry, goku!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
having finished his training in the other world, goku rushes to the battlefield.
however, the ferocity of the saiyans knows no bounds.
you brat!
this is where it ends!
"ferocity of the saiyans! kami-sama and piccolo both die."
p-piccolo-san!
get out of here... gohan...
piccolo-sen! wh-why did you... save me?
l-i told you to get out of here... hurry, or else...
d-don't die! father will be here soon to beat him for us!
please, don't die!
miserable fool! my killing order might have gotten switched around, but oh well.
either way, it will all turn out the same.
one ki is rapidly growing smaller.
l-ls somebody dying?!
k-kambsama...
i-it looks like my life is about at its end... g-goku didn't make it in time...
h-however, at the very end, piccolo surpassed even me, kami... i'm so pleased...
kambsama'.!
wh-what a pitiful tale...
imagine, piccolo daimao, of all people, protecting some kid...
nothing could be worse...
u-uncle!
gohan... you're the only one who ever spoke decent to me...
th-this last year that i spent with you wasn't bad...
uncle!
don't you die, g-goha...
uncle!
mister popo, i leave the rest to you...
kambsama'.!
kambsama'.!
g-gohan...
interesting! you want to fight?
masenko'.!
th-that's an incredible ki!
700... 1,200...
2,400...
battle power 2,800?!
sure enough, these guys can alter their battle powers intensely!
2,300, huh?
gohan!
for a kid, you can do some amazing things, huh?
my arm tingles a little.
his battle power just plummeted.
it looks like he used up all of his power just now.
th-they're too strong... th-they're just too strong...
let go of me! see here, chichi calm down!
let me go, i say! come now, chichi-san...
let me go! h-hold on, now, that's dangerous...
come on, calm down, okay? it's not safe. h-hold on, now, that's dangerous...
th-that's dangerous like that! stop that!
aren't you spirited?
uranai baba! sis!
goku just passed by karin tower.
but will he be in time?
i know! even without a tv,
we can always watch what's happening using baba's crystal ball!
don't be ridiculous! you want to use my sacred crystal ball to do that?!
what are you doing?! never mind, just come on inside!
piccolo-sen, i'm sorry. i wasn't able to avenge you.
gohan! run! get out of there!
pipsqueak, i'm sending you to the other world for sure this time.
i don't have the strength to run away anymore.
d-damn it all!
i can't wait to see the look on kakarrot's face...
when he sees his own son smashed to a pulp!
kinto un?
what is that?
father!
g-goku!
so you've finally shown up, huh?
g-goku! we've been waiting for you!
father!
what have you come all this way for, kakarrot?
don't tell me you're here to tell us some nonsensical joke,
such as you've come to defeat us, or something.
piccolo...
piccolo-sen died to protect me.
tenshinhan...
yamucha...
shocked over your dead idiot friends, are you?
come to think of it, there was another, puny little guy, that went to pieces.
he had more power than you'd expect for such a runt.
naturally, he was no match for nappa-sama.
is that so? even chaozu? and kami-sama, too... damn...
there's no need to grieve for them. you'll be joining your friends soon.
after going through all the trouble to come back to life,
you just had to stroll on by, huh?
his battle power is rising higher and higher.
wh-what? you want to die already?
here's something by way of greeting!
he's fast!
gohan, over here.
kuririn...
g-goku...
sorry i'm late. way to hang on, you two.
each of you eat half of this.
i-isn't that a senzu bean? k-karin-sama still has them, huh?
mm-hmm. this is the last one.
th-then, you eat it.
that's all right. i ate one before i came.
n-no, you save it in case you need it.
even if we recover, we won't be much help to you.
don't worry needlessly.
if you don't eat it, i'm throwing it away.
here.
thanks.
gohan, you too.
kuririn, you've gotten a lot stronger, huh? i can tell by your ki.
i thought i had, but to no avail.
i'm no use against them. they're too strong.
l-i just stood by and let everyone else die...
gohan, i hardly recognized you, too. you sure trained hard.
mm-hmm. piccolo-san trained me, but i wasn't able to do anything.
with piccolo-san dead, we'll never be able to use the dragon balls again.
no one is coming back to life.
let's avenge them... the three of us!
with you joining us, goku, we might be able to deal with one of them!
hey, goku, you trained under some incredible guy named kaio, right?
yeah.
but i'm going to fight them by myself.
you guys stay back and watch, so you don't get caught in the middle of it.
b-by yourself?!
no matter how strong you are, goku, that's crazy!
their strength is far greater than we can even imagine!
h-he's right, father!
g-goku...
father!
let goku handle this!
b-but...
i've never seen goku show that much anger.
w-we've got no place getting in his way.
remember, you're going to be paying me a viewing fee for this.
goku!
goku-sa!
where's gohan?!
gohan!
g-gohan is alive! th-thank goodness...
chichi! goku and gohan are fightin'! keep it together!
son-kun, hang in there! beat those saiyans!
p-piccolo!
even piccolo has been done in!
which means we can no longer use the dragon balls!
th-then, nobody is coming back to life?
what's with that look on your face? i don't like it.
is this how badly you want me to effortlessly kill you?
you're going to pay for this!
father, you're incredible!
battle power 7,000... 8,000... impossible!
what is kakarrot's battle power?!
higher than 8,000!
higher than 8,000?! there has to be some mistake! it's a malfunction!
don't worry, i still won't be using the kaio-ken technique on you.
kaio-ken?
shut up!
there's no way you can stand up to nappa-sama!
what?
h-how did he do that just now?
wh-when did you get behind me?
why, you...!
for as big as you were talking, you ain't all that great.
wh-what did you say?!
l-i'm not all that great, am i?!
that's right. i could tell from your attack just now.
why don't you tell me...
exactly what it is that you can tell?!
strange... his battle power is completely different from when he fought raditz.
over here!
d-did you see your father's moves?
but he's amazing.
what's going on?
how did kakarrot get this much power in such a short amount of time?
why, you...!
that punch just now was for chaozu.
goku is strong!
but will goku be able to protect the earth from the hands of the saiyans?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku was displaying overwhelming strength.
however, the depths of nappa's power were still boundless.
the fierce fighting continued.
that punch just now was for chaozu.
"father is awesome! kaio-ken, the ultimate finishing technique."
damn you...
this is for yamucha!
why, you...!
l-lncredible!
you dirty brat!
i don't even have to dodge this one!
wh-what?!
h-he defused it with just a kiai shout?!
d-d-dammit!
this is for tenshinhan!
how?! how does kakarrot have this much power?!
what?!
and this is for piccolo!
dammit!
awesome! you really are awesome, goku!
yeah!
dammit! dammit!
dammit!
i see... impressive... you really are extremely tough, huh?
i am an elite warrior from a distinguished family!
i'm not about to be looked down upon by a lower-class warrior like you!
you'll pay for this! i'll kill you!
you miserable fool! cool that head of yours!
if you'll compose yourself and think about it,
you'll find he's not the kind of opponent that you can't take, nappa!
calm down!
you're right!
thanks to you, my eyes have been opened.
that simple-celled fool! at this rate, it looks like i will have to step in.
it's true, i was pretty upset. now it's time to show you what i'm really made of.
are you ready for this, kakarrot?!
that's more like it. i can't wait!
talk tough, will you?
he's not just talking tough. he's got assurance and absolute confidence in himself.
g-goku...
father .
son-kun, pound that guy into a pulpy mass!
h-hey!
hey! don't be so rough with this!
who cares if a crystal ball or two gets broken?!
it's an important tool of my trade!
with kami-sama dead, and us not knowing whether the earth will be destroyed or not,
you can just stuff your trade!
how dare you say that!
now see here!
would you two quit it?!
it doesn't matter, does it?
yeah! while you two are at it there, goku could be getting done in.
rubbish! son-kun is obviously doing all right!
you think he's going to lose to those guys?! no way! no way!
don't hit my crystal ball!
hey, shut up, already! give that here!
a little brother does not take his older sister's things!
i see you!
whoo! this is a lot better, ain't it?
this is a lot better, huh?
i'm going to put a stop to that irritatingly smart mouth of yours!
you're finished now!
what kind of guy is this?! he countered at that close range!
that would have been trouble if i'd taken that one head-on.
i-impossible! that was... that was my greatest technique, and you brushed it aside!
you really are one tough bastard.
you should have taken at least a little damage from my kamehame-ha.
we ain't getting anywhere like this. enough! get down here, nappa!
you're getting us nowhere! i'll take care of him for you.
what?!
you're pathetic!
to think that i would have to trouble myself to take action against kakarrot there.
he's finally coming forward, huh? even that big guy is scared of him.
father .
d-dammit...
t-to think that i should have to yield your execution to vegeta...
but brace yourself! your life will only last for a moment against vegeta!
he is a warrior gifted enough to take upon him the name of planet vegeta, after all.
since he ordered me to, i'll leave you to vegeta.
but i won't be content to withdraw like this.
oh, no! he's going after those two!
it's no use! i won't make it in time!
kaio-ken'.!
what?!
what just happened?
goku! how did you...?
dammit!
i doubt he'll be able to fight anymore.
take him, and disappear from the face of the earth right now!
what was that just now?! for an instant, his speed and power suddenly increased!
g-goku, how did you do that?
was that a technique you learned from that kaio person?
yeah. it's called kaio-ken.
by controlling all of the energy within your body, you can momentarily amplify it.
if you do it right, your speed, power,
destructive, and defensive forces all increase many times over.
th-that's awesome!
even after getting that much stronger,
you can become many times stronger than that?!
yeah.
what are those guys talking about?
goku, that was mean of you! this is no time to be playing around.
if you have something like that up your sleeve, then use it right at the start!
sorry, but i can't do that.
if i don't restrain my kijust right while i'm controlling it, i could wreck myself.
in short...
you have done well to master the kaio-ken technique,
which even i could not handle, to this degree. however,
i must stress once again that you must not overuse kaio-ken at your current level.
if you mishandle your control, you will end up ruining your body.
do your best to limit yourself to 2x power.
remember, using kaio-ken any higher than that
will place too great a burden upon your body.
in other words, your body won't be able to keep up with the kaio-ken,
and it will bite back for what you're doing to it.
understood clearly.
and that's the story. i-is that right?
v-vegeta... h-help me...
th-thanks...
not at all.
take that!
wh-what are you doing, vegeta?! vegeta!
i don't have any use for saiyans that can't move!
wh-what a ki!
f-father!
wh-what's going on?!
v-veg eta!
wh-what a beast! he even killed his own man!
gohan... kuririn...
both of you, go back to kame house right now.
r-right...
gohan, you heard him. let's go, now.
b-but...
gohan, he's just too terrible. we won't do any good being here.
on the contrary, our being here will distract goku, and we'll just be in his way!
really, father?
sorry, yeah. his strength appears to be even greater than i thought.
o-okay, i understand.
oh yeah, goku, as long as you're at it, could you fight in some other place?
it would be wrong to mess up everyone's bodies,
in case they ever come back to life.
they ever come back to life? with piccolo dead, kami-sama is dead, too.
the dragon balls have disappeared forever.
i hate to say it, but nobody is ever coming back to life again.
i know that...
kuririn-san, you don't think...?
what?
i'll go into the details later. th-that is, if you're able to beat him, goku.
if i can beat him, huh?
right. in any case, i have to beat him.
what are you doing? what happened to all that energy you had before?
did you get scared, and now you're discussing how you're going to run away?
now then, to change locations and give it my best, i guess.
just let me take care of this.
goku, i feel bad about always leaving our fate up to you.
don't you dare die now, my friend.
right.
father .
gohan...
once your daddy comes back alive, let's go fishing again, okay?
okay -
looks like you know that it won't do any good to run.
we're going to change the location of our battle.
suit yourself. it will all end up the same.
father .
vegeta... has there ever been a foe this powerful before?
the curtain now rises on a fierce deathbattle,
with the fate of the earth and our friends at stake.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
kaio-ken'.!
th-than ks, veg eta...
not at all.
take that!
the curtain is rising over a final battle, with the fate of the earth at stake.
"a hot, unbounded battle! goku vs. vegeta."
we're going to change the location of our battle.
suit yourself. it will all end up the same.
i should have guessed.
he's following with confidence to spare.
gohan...
hey, gohan!
yes? let's hurry back to kame house.
let's stop worrying about him already. we've left the fate of the earth up to him.
it's okay, gohan! i'm sure goku will come through for us!
come on, let's go. show your mom that you're all right.
right.
all right, there won't be any people or animals around here.
i see...
you've chosen here to be your gravesite, have you?
you should be thrilled.
a lower-class warrior such as yourself
is about to be toyed around with by a super-elite, after all.
saiyans have their warrior ratings examined right after they are born.
when they do, the scum that have lower ratings, such as yourself,
are sent off to planets that do not have terribly formidable opponents.
in other words...
you were a left-behind!
and as a result, i was sent to earth here?
i should be thankful. but what's more...
even a left-behind might be able to overcome an elite, if he tries desperately enough.
an amusing joke.
now then, allow me to show you a barrier that you cannot overcome,
no matter how hard you try!
what's the matter, kakarrot?! you can do better than this, can't you?!
when you defeated nappa, you had to have been doing better than this!
let me see it!
i should have expected as much...
he still ain't the least bit serious,
but his speed and techniques already surpass my own.
show me what you've got! or have you already used up all of your power?
you got it. i'll show you!
kaio-ken'.!
if that's the limit of what you've got, then i'll be greatly disappointed!
what a powerful bastard!
and yet,
even though i'm in this kind of trouble, i'm starting to get excited.
i don't see a thing.
what's the matter?
this is because you got violent with it!
what, are you blaming someone else?!
well it's the truth!
no, no, that's not why, sis.
it's not because the crystal ball is broken,
it's because the terribly fierce power of their ki
is concealing them from even the spiritual powers of your crystal ball.
then, at least they're still fighting, right?
probably.
i know! if i use that thing, i can tell!
how about it?
there are two large readings to the west.
just two?
he's smiling. has he given up, and adopted a defiant attitude?
or is he poised because he can raise his battle power up even higher?
what's the matter?! finished already?!
you seem to be at your limit.
in that case, let me show you something, as your dying gift.
the overwhelming power of a super-elite saiyan!
let's see it!
that smirk of yours is going to disappear very soon.
what a ki! it's as if the whole earth is shaking!
as before, images from the site of battle have been completely broken off.
a-as of now, there is no way for us to be able to conceive what is happening,
or indeed if it has all ended.
now then, changing the schedule a little,
we now join this discussion of "what will become of the earth, and what is left for us?"
they ultimately don't know anything, do they?
hey, if you're going to sleep, go sleep at home.
shut up. give me another.
eh? that's your tenth one! do you have any money?
tenshinhan is dead and all...
i don't have any need for this money anymore.
hey, are you all right?
b-by the way, do you have a place to stay? if you like...
i can hear it.
wh-what?
can't you hear that sound?!
wh-what are you going on about?
h-hey, look!
wh-what is that?!
th-the crows are fleeing from something!
it's like there's a typhoon!
the trembling of the atmosphere has stopped.
a-all the clouds have been blown away, too.
it's over, kakarrot!
you fool! behind you!
kaio-ken times two!
all right, nice going. way to avoid it.
damn... what power and speed! i can't even keep up with him with a 2x kaio-ken.
i guess i ain't got much choice.
even if i wreck my body, it's better than dying.
i'll have to raise the kaio-ken to 3x.
i intentionally made that one easy to dodge for you.
it wouldn't be any fun to have you die on me so easily, after all.
they came close by, so i can't help but come take a look at 'em, but what's this?
both goku and that bastard're so strong, it's like i'm havin' a bad dream here!
now then, i wonder how long my body will hold out once i raise the kaio-ken to 3x...
what's the matter, kakarrot?! come get me!
either way, i have to do it. ain't no way i can win like this.
have you lost everything up your sleeve? looks like you picked the wrong opponent.
i was the number-one most powerful man, even among the saiyans.
no matter how much training you've done, you're still just a left-behind.
looks like your time of death has been extended by only a little bit.
th-this is bad. that saiyan bastard's overwhelmin'ly got it over him.
i'd best be gettin' outta here now, while i can, huh? yeah, i'd better get goin'.
it won't do no good for me to be here anyhow.
may my body withstand this! times three kaio-ken!
no! you can't go any higher than 2x, son goku!
although, there's definitely no way he can win like this.
i never imagined he'd have that much strength.
he may not be able to win this fight.
wh-what's going on?
h-has something happened?
i think it's probably son-kun, but this battle power reading is rising incredibly...
goku! goku-sa!
17,000... 19,000... 21,000...
it can't be!
wh-what?
ignoring kaio's warnings, goku uses a times three kaio-ken.
will goku's body be able to withstand a battle power beyond its limits?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
kaio-ken times two!
a times two level kaio-ken was no use against the mighty warrior vegeta.
ultimately, goku dared to risk his life by taking upon himself a times three kaio-ken.
may my body withstand this! times three kaio-ken!
"now, goku! a final technique with everything on the line."
hmm? what is he planning to do?
no! your body won't be able to bear it if you go higher than 2x, goku!
times three kaio-ken!
what?!
a-awesome!
why, you...!
wh-why, you...!
h-he can do this! he just might be able to beat him!
goku's fightin' power readin' has risen, you say?
what on earth is goin' on?
baba-san, please hurry up and show us how the fight is going!
how is gohan? how is gohan?!
l-it's no use! the ki over there is too strong, and i can't control the power!
you don't suppose goku has unleashed some technique he's been saving, do you?
sure! if that's the case, then...
h-he just might win!
i, on the other hand, have a bad feeling about this.
it's said that the flame of a candle burns intensely just before it goes out.
it seems to me that goku is tremendously overexerting himself.
d-don't say anythin' so ill-fated!
i-impossible! how could his... how could kakarrot's battle power be higher than mine?!
damn... he's a tough one. if i don't finish this quickly...
d-damn! my body can't...!
what're you doin', goku?! you should just put him away right here'n now!
h-how can i let this happen?! i am super-elite!
there's no way i should be beaten by that lower-class warrior!
i... i am...
i am the greatest in the universe!
my whole body is aching!
sure enough, it looks like performing a three times kaio-ken was asking too much...
if i dally around, i'll be the one who goes down first!
blood?
i had my noble blood shed over fighting a piece of trash like that?
this will not stand! this absolutely... absolutely will not stand!
i don't need this planet anymore!
i'm going to crush you, along with the rest of the earth!
you're going to what?!
go ahead and try to dodge this, if you can!
even if you spare yourself, the earth will be blown to pieces!
dammit, he thought this through!
i ain't got no choice but to risk it!
three times kaio-ken...
kamehame-ha!
ka... me...
ha...
there's absolutely no way you can stop my gyallic ho blast!
let you and the earth together turn to space dust!
damn it, man! if i hafta die like this, i should've eaten more meaty buns!
n-ha!
wh-what?! it's just like my gyallic ho!
yow, that's hot!
what is this?
th-the power of the ki from goku and that other guy
is manifesting itself through the crystal ball!
kaio-ken... times four!
no! goku!
h-he's pushing back...
m-my body!
h-he did it... he did it!
son! you did it, didn'cha?!
you bastard!
yajirobe? what are you doing here?
what, you hadn't noticed?
for someone as good as you are, ya sure fought desperately, huh?
i guess so.
still, you done a good job of blowin' that wicked guy away.
you sure are one helluva dude.
wh-what? what's the matter?
i used a technique that was too much for my body to take...
well, it wasn't nothin' normal, all right.
more importantly, yajirobe, you'd better get out of here.
h-how come?
d-don't tell me!
he's still alive.
if that's all it would have taken for him to die, there wouldn't be any challenge.
s-still, there's no problem, right? you're stronger'n him, ain'cha?
like i told you, i overdid it, and now my body is in shambles. i could be near my limit.
o-oh, yeah?
well, then...
h-hang in there!
dammit!
why?! why is kakarrot's battle power higher than mine?!
damn it to hell! i am a saiyan! i am the strongest in the entire universe!
at this point, as much as i dislike how ugly it is, i'm using my last resort.
i'll transform into a great ape, and crush him!
the strength of my great ape form is nothing to sneeze at!
damn it all, we chose the day of the full moon to come here,
so we could wipe out the people on this planet quickly.
to think that i would have to transform just to defeat kakarrot... it's infuriating!
that's strange. the moon should be out by now...
saiyan, no matter how hard you look, it won't do any good. the moon is gone.
the one named piccolo feared this might happen, and eliminated it long ago.
still, son goku can't have very much energy left.
even if the saiyan doesn't turn into a great ape,
it doesn't change the fact that he's still in a pinch.
then again, he's become weaker, too. the genki dama!
if you can just hit him with a genki dama, the way he is now, you can beat him for sure!
that's strange. he's just going around in circles up there.
why ain't he coming at me?
it's not here! it's not here! it's not here!
dammit, the moon isn't anywhere! what's going on?!
so that's it! dammit! he is one thoroughly aggravating bastard!
kakarrot must have taken out the moon ahead of time! then it's unavoidable...
my battle power might drop somewhat, but there doesn't seem to be any other way.
i can't wait to see the look of stunned panic on his face!
he's finally coming back down.
the only way i can beat him is with the genki dama.
am i going to be able to mentally focus myself for that?
kakarrot...
you might have thought you could outwit me by getting rid of the moon, but it won't work!
the moon?
what are you talking about?
as if you didn't know! are you aware of why we can transform during a full moon?
transform?
the light from the moon is what gets reflected from the sun.
sunlight contains bruits waves only when it is reflected back by the moon.
during a full moon, those bruits waves reach a level of over seventeen million zeno.
what is he talking about?
when over seventeen million zeno's worth of bruits waves are absorbed by our eyes,
it triggers a reaction in our tails, and our transformation begins!
a limited number of saiyans are able to create an artificial full moon
that emits over seventeen million zeno.
things are not going to go as you expected! even if you have eliminated the moon,
by mixing this planet's oxygen with my power ball...
sorry to keep you waiting, kakarrot.
the time of your death has finally come.
a lower-class warrior like you should not have challenged a super-elite to battle!
the moment that strange light started glowing, his ki dropped.
what the hell is he planning to go this far to do?
what?!
burst open and blend together!
what is that?
what?! what have you done?!
l-it can't be! he's created a moon!
you're going to regret losing your tail, kakarrot!
is this the end?
wh-what's that?
transforming himself into a great ape,
vegeta resorts to the final measure available to him.
does goku have any chance of beating him?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
goku's desperate battle has pushed him beyond his limits.
however, vegeta's bottomless power has even allowed him to create a moon,
so that he could transform into a great ape.
"battle power times ten!! vegeta's great metamorphosis."
just a little farther till we're at kame house. hang in there, gohan.
right.
h-hey, over there...
th-that's the direction we just came from.
what could it be? it's awfully bright. a star?
no, it doesn't appear to be a star...
this can't be!
th-this is impossible!
wh-what is that? there's a tremendous ki rising up.
father's ki hasn't risen again, right?
n-no. this nasty feeling is coming from the other one's ki.
and you know, that's an incredible amount of ki. what's going on?!
f-father...
gohan!
l-i'm going back.
i'm going back.
g-going back? you mean to where goku is?
i can tell... father is in trouble. he's going to die if this keeps up...
what are you talking about, gohan?
there's no way goku... your father is going to die, is there?
besides, even if we go back there,
we can't do anything against a guy with a ki that incredible.
yeah, i know.
even so...
even so!
i absolutely have to go back there!
hey!
wait up, gohan!
how about it, kakarrot?
you're finished now!
what's going on?!
a great ape? a great ape monster?
let me give you some good news.
a saiyan who has become a great ape has ten times more battle power!
goku, there's a great ape monster that comes out during the full moon.
you must not go outside. as long as you stay asleep, you'll be safe.
l-i'll make it so that tail of yours never grows back.
it's something of a nuisance.
s-so that's it! i finally get it!
h-how awful...
the monster that crushed grandpa to death...
and the monster that showed up at the tournament grounds, and busted everything up...
that was me?!
i'm sorry, grandpa. this guy is incredible.
i'll probably have to use up all of my ki, or i won't be able to beat him.
once i die, and go back over to the other world, i'll go apologize to you.
what is that monster?!
l-it's outrageously huge!
that monster's clothes're the same as the saiyan's! is he that saiyan?!
i'll show you, vegeta!
i'm going to feed you your fill of me and the earth's genki dama!
you're at last going to use the genki dama, are you?
still, with your body as ragged as it is,
this is going to put too much of a burden on it.
k-kaio-ken'.!
what's the matter?
can't you even get away?
what is it?
is anything appearing?
i'm starting to see some light. goku's ki has subsided.
goku-sa has won, right?
goku! son-kun!
goku-sa!
l-is he dead?
no, he is not dead.
what the hell has happened?
i-impossible!
you mean the saiyan has transformed, even without the moon?!
it's hopeless now! there's no way he can stand up to that monster!
what about gohan-chan?! what's gohan-chan doin'?!
where's gohan-chan?!
there's someone else there...
it's yajirobe!
what is he doing?!
come on, yajirobe! why aren't you helping son-kun?!
hey!
g-gohan-chan...
chichi!
father!
goku, he's your son, all right.
what's the matter, kakarrot? can't you manage anything?!
h-he's so fast for as big as he is!
i don't have enough time to mentally focus so i can create a genki dama!
and even if i went to a times five kaio-ken, it wouldn't be any use against him!
hmph. if you're not going to come at me, then i'm coming after you!
l-i just need ten seconds! i need some time to concentrate!
th-that's it!
tenshinhan, i'm going to borrow your technique!
taiyo-ken'.!
now, while his eyes are blinded by the glare!
m-my eyes! my eyes!
all right... at this distance...
th-the land...
the seas...
and...
all living things...
each of you, share with me just a little bit of your genki energy!
i beg you!
dammit, that was an insolent stunt!
j-just a little longer...
just a little more, and i can form a genki dama...
wh-what's he doin'?
he's starting to get his sight back.
still, at this distance,
i'll be able to launch the genki dama before he can attack.
dammit!
where are you?!
where are you?! where did you go?!
it's useless to run away from me! i can sense your presence!
dammit!
i've gathered the genki energy together.
why, you...!
he found me! please, let there be enough time!
l-it's done. i've collected the genki energy from all earthlings.
all right!
take this!
wh-what was that?
what happened?
l-i never expected him to attack like that... th-that was an awful miscalculation.
what a development... the genki dama i worked so hard to make has vanished...
hmph, you're a tough bastard.
but you appear to be near your limit. i can tell.
h-he's got me. there ain't no way even i can win now.
i used up most of my ki on that genki dama.
now what are you going to do?!
goku's ki is shrinking fast!
f-father!
hurry! we're almost there!
whoops! sorry, sorry!
looks like i carelessly stepped on you and crushed your leg.
well, this time, i'll carelessly crush your heart.
this is the end for you, kakarrot!
even if you were to come back to life again, this planet won't be here when you do!
d-damn... i'm utterly defeated...
i never imagined there'd be this much difference in our power...
i'm glad there was someone so strong... but if i die...
it'd be so frustrating...
that's what you call the weasel's last fart...
now, i ain't even got enough strength left to blow my nose...
d-do as you like...
wh-why, you...!
kakarrot'.!
how dare you... how dare you scar my face?!
i'm going to squeeze you to death!
having been wounded, vegeta was burning with anger.
will goku be crushed to death like this?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
th-the land...
the seas...
and...
all living things...
each of you, share with me just a little bit of your genki energy!
all right!
take this!
this is the end for you, kakarrot!
n-now, i ain't even got enough strength left to blow my nose...
d-do as you like...
why, you...!
i'm going to squeeze you to death!
goku's body, along with the fate of the earth, was about to be crushed!
"don't die, father!! this is the depth of gohan's power."
don't you die, goku.
father .
that guy's intense. it's no use. this is all over.
it's not like i'm desertin' ya, though.
there's just nothin' i can do.
don't go holdin' it against me, 'kay?
suffer good and long, and then die!
it's close! we're almost there!
even though it's the evening, because of that strange light, it's as bright as this.
wh-what the hell is that thing?
k-kuririn-san, o-over there!
get down, gohan! get down, and hide!
wh-what is that?
hurry up, you stupid twit!
ah, it's those guys.
it can't be... he's turned into a great ape!
feels like most of your bones just broke, huh? does it hurt?
goku is getting done in! this is bad!
this way!
right!
hey!
yajirobe!
hey, who d'ya think that monster is? it's the saiyan, i tell ya, the saiyan!
i know.
there's no way you can stand up to that monster, you know! give it up!
i know that, too. but if we cut off his tail, he'll return to normal.
his tail?
his tail?
listen up.
gohan and yajirobe, you guys circle around in front of him, and get his attention.
i'll find an opportunity to cut off his tail from the back!
hurry! goku is going to die!
r-right.
y-ya gotta be kiddin' me.
get his attention, did'ja say? you guys don't even know!
even after he's back to normal, he's still gonna have unbelievable strength!
father, don't die!
goku's ki is almost completely gone! dammit, he's moments from death!
eh, do whatever you wanna.
there's something out there.
where is it?
over here!
l-let my father go!
this is a surprise. if it isn't kakarrot's kid.
i get it. so you've come here just to see your father meet his end, have you?
you've got good timing. he was just about to die.
i was right about to finish him off.
kienzan'.!
damn it all...
watch very closely. i'm going to crush him until there's nothing left.
kuririn-san, hurry!
unfortunately, it appears he has already lost consciousness.
l-i-it can't be!
did you think i wouldn't notice that there was another one of you?
you guys seem to share some worthless attachment for each other, after all.
there's no way this kid would just come strolling back by himself,
so i was just waiting to see what would happen.
apparently, you know about our tails. too bad for you.
just you wait. once i've taken care of kakarrot, it will be your turn next.
d-damn! what kind of beast is this?
even after turning into a monster,
he still has his presence of mind and his guard is flawless.
i'm sorry, goku. i don't want to just let you die,
but this guy's ki is so incredible, i can't even get close to him.
you guys were mistaken to have challenged me to battle!
dammit! if we don't do something...
stop...
stop! stop! stop! stop!
so, you want to die ahead of your father, do you?
th-this is bad!
what's the matter? too scared to move?
dammit! i didn't know there was yet another one!
my tail!
h-he did it!
i got nothin' to do with this...
i-i got nothin' to do with this from here on...
i-it's gone! his tail is gone!
you did it, yajirobe! he returned to his original form!
it's not my problem... whatever happens now, it's not my problem...
wh-why, you...!
you want to die so badly that you've made me angry?!
vvh-what's going on? why did that monster...?
in that case, as you wish, i will kill you, you miserable scum!
there, ya see?
gohan! get out of there!
i'll start with you.
what's the matter? wasn't a super saiyan supposed to be strong?
show me your true power.
maybe the order has been changed.
there, you see? don't say i didn't warn ya.
come on, get up! amuse me a little while longer.
hey, what's wrong? is that the best you can do?
i guess the son of scum...
is scum, as well.
you may be scum, but it looks like your blood is red, at least.
how awful!
how can he be so cruel to a child?!
she's strangely tranquil, huh?
i'm sure she must have run out of tears.
she hasn't fainted, has she? hey!
hey!
ee-yow!
yow! yow! yow! fight...
fight.
fight! fight, gohan! fight!
avenge your daddy's death! get up, gohan! fight, gohan! fight!
how about i at least let you die next to your father? i'll be kind.
g-gohan...
oh? kakarrot, you're a tough one. you're still conscious, are you?
gohan, can you hear me?
gohan, your daddy's whole body is a mess. i can't move anymore.
fight in my place. his power should have dropped considerably.
l-i can't, father! he's too strong! i can't beat him!
all right, i'll do it this way... i'll follow my order, and kill kakarrot first.
next will be kakarrot's kid.
after that, i'll finish off that bald bastard from earlier.
finally, i'll kill the bastard who cut off my precious tail!
he remembered me, huh?
you don't have to beat him... just keep him bottled up...
your power should be even more incredible than his... even more...
while you're doing that, i'll have kuririn finish him off...
i can't! i can't even move anymore!
you stupid jackass! do you want everyone else's deaths to be in vain?
what did piccolo teach you?
i'm counting on you, gohan...
for left-behind scum, you're sure giving me a lot of trouble!
g-gohan!
what's the matter?! eh?!
s-stop... that...
stop... that!
what's the matter? die! die!
stop that!
what?!
i'm going. 
to defeat you!
you are going to defeat me?
what the...?!
kuririn!
kuririn, please! come here!
d-dammit...
don't you mess around with vegeta-sama!
g-goku, it's hopeless. he's just too terrible.
why didn't you tell gohan to run away?
i'm going to give this to you now, kuririn...
the genki dama that i gathered from all over the earth...
eh? what did you say? what are you going to give me?
a-a genki dama... ki that i've collected from everything on earth...
about half of it got away, but i think it will still defeat him, the way he is now...
wh-what?
kuririn... take my hand...
i don't understand this at all.
hurry! gohan is going to die!
i just have to take your hand?
please...
like this?
your bones are broken, aren't they?
that's okay... don't let go...
i'm giving it to you now, so take it...
wh-wh-what is this?
l-it's awesome... this is a tremendous amount of ki!
turn your palm upward, and focus it... you can make it into a ball...
you dirty brat!
hang in there...
gohan ain't able to control this kind of ki...
i-it came out! is this...?
a genki dama... you did it!
you're a pesky brat!
kuririn... hit him with it... i can't make another genki dama...
m-make sure you hit him! please!
u-understood. i'll try.
will the genki dama that has been entrusted to kuririn be able to put a stop to vegeta?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
facing the persistent attack of vegeta, who had transformed into a great ape,
goku was near death.
however, he was unexpectedly saved by yajirobe.
still, the damage to his whole body was severe, and he faced his greatest pinch.
the only means left to them was the genki dama.
goku entrusted the ki he had gathered from everyone on earth to kuririn.
"shoot, kuririn! the genki dama, packed with hope."
stay with it, kuririn... gohan can't control this ki...
th-th-there it is! is this...?
a genki dama... you did it...
hit him... with that...
i can't make another genki dama... make sure you hit him... please!
y-you got it! i'll try. let me take care of it.
he's so strong! he should be fairly worn out from fighting with father, too...
you're a tough little runt, but you appear to be nearing your limit.
gohan-chan, fight!
fight, gohan-chan!
wh-wh-what are you sayin', chichi?! gohan's no match for that guy!
gohan, get out of there!
gohan-chan...
chichi, are you...?
pa!
chichi...
they've vanished!
gohan-chan?
uranai baba, hurry up and show me gohan-chan!
a-all right! all right! i'll try! let me go!
you've got a ridiculous amount of strength for a woman!
kamehame-ha!
is that your last-ditch effort?!
darn it!
one more!
damn! with my skill, i can't hit him when he's moving around like that!
you don't hit him with the genki dama by using your eyes.
you sense out his evil ki and shoot at that.
wh-who's there?!
i am kaio, the one who taught son goku the genki dama.
k-kaio-sama?
everything will be decided by your one shot.
know that the ball of that genki dama is filled with the hopes of the whole earth.
the ball is filled with the hopes of the whole earth?
no matter how many of you scum gang up on me, you're still no match for an elite.
it looks like once you realized that, it was already too late.
s-sense out his evil ki and shoot at that... so that's it...
kuririn, we're counting on you!
you'll only get one chance.
i'm done playing around.
you think you can get away?!
f-feel it! feel his evil ki!
k-kuririn!
h-he's fixin' to do somethin'. that's a humungous amount of ki.
if you're gonna get him, then get him, already!
watch closely, kakarrot! this is the end of your foolish son!
i've got him!
what're ya doin', ya dimwit?! hurry up and hit him with that!
wh-what?
th-that idiot!
damn it all!
wh-what is that?!
hit him!
it missed!
wh-what happened?! how could my crystal ball crack?!
g-gohan-chan!
it's hopeless now!
bounce it back, gohan!
gohan, that thing is on our side!
as long as you don't have any evil in you, you should be able to bounce it back!
you did it!
yahoo!
we did it! we did it!
we did it, goku!
turtle, do you have any quick-drying glue?
glue? hmm, i seem to remember having some around here somewhere...
what about gohan-chan?!
uranai baba, can't you do something about the crystal ball?!
chichi! stop that!
pa! gohan-chan is still alive! 50's goku-sa!
y-you're right. but how are we goin' to get to where goku and them are?
all right, chichi-san, i'll take you there.
really? but how?
in my airship.
bulma-san, thank you!
if i were to ever have a husband and son who were in trouble,
i would rush to their side, no matter what. that's human nature.
all right, i'm going too.
i'm going, too.
k-karin-sama!
father .
you guys finally got him, huh?
time and again, i thought we were done for.
you no sutg 8t8 a mess.
we're not as bad off as you.
th-the saiyan!
it's okay. he's dead.
we can relax, now.
damn it all, he was one horrible fellow, but we could at least dig a grave.
you mean, a grave for you guys?
th-th-that's impossible! he took that genki dama dead-on!
you put me through quite an awful experience, huh?
e-even i thought i was going to die from that one.
i may have taken quite a bit of damage,
but i still have enough power left to take care of you trash.
after i've killed you,
i'll wait until i've recovered my strength, and then thoroughly destroy this planet!
just keep on going straight.
bulma! for karin-sama to deign to give you directions...
is an extremely magnanimous thing for him to do!
it is? he looks like an ordinary cat to me.
y-you guys dare to make me, vegeta-sama, use up nearly all of my power?
never mind that you ganged up on me, against trash like you, it wounds my pride...
would you die already?!
d-dammit... dammit!
g-goku!
damn it! coming from me, that destructive force was pathetic!
all three of them are still barely alive!
l-i've taken more damage than i thought... l-l have to put them all away quickly...
and then recuperate...
th-this brat has...
re-grown his tail!
h-his tail? that's right... in the past, goku's tail suddenly grew back, too...
if he were to transform, that would be a problem!
gohan's tail has once again grown out.
could this be a symbol that the fate of the earth...
that the fate of mankind-is to be saved from extinction?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
a genki dama, filled with the earth's hopes...
however, not even that was enough to finish vegeta off.
the terrible vegeta was the mightiest of saiyan warriors. but just then...
th-this brat has... re-grown his tail!
"cause a miracle! son gohan, the super saiyan."
which way?
the left. a little more to the left.
ah, i see it! that's the island!
that island is where goku and the others are fighting.
what about gohan?! gohan-chan really is still alive, right?! really?!
p-probably...
what do you mean, "probably"?! "probably" isn't good enough!
i told you we shouldn't have brought her.
still, i'm worried about the four-no, five of them.
i can barely sense any ki from any of them.
h-his tail? that's right... in the past, goku's tail suddenly grew back, too...
if he were to transform, that would be a problem!
what?!
i got him! i got him!
t-take that, you jackass! ha-ha-ha on you!
how'dya like that?! ain't no way yer a match for yajirobe-sama! nyaah!
wh-why, you...!
you filthy bastard!
s-s-sorry 'bout that! did it hurt? i was just jokin' around. did i cut ya?
that's right! i got lotsa respect for ya! lemme be your friend...
y-yajirobe...
nobody inflicts a wound on my body and gets away with it!
there's no way you're getting away with that!
dammit!
g-gohan... gohan!
gohan!
th-that's father's voice...
gohan, hear my voice...
look at the ball of light in the sky...
b-ball of light? ball of light?
o-oh, hell!
you think i'm going to allow that?!
oh, no!
you brat! i'm not about to let you grow huge!
l-if i don't kill him right now...!
gohan! it's up to you!
g-gohan is becoming a great ape... l-it's an all-or-nothing gamble...
th-that's right! his tail! in my panic, i forgot the most important thing!
if i can just cut off his tail!
g-gohan...
b-but when goku turned great ape, he lost virtually all of his rationality!
what about gohan?
gohan is the same! th-that makes sense.
it's not so much that goku and gohan lose their rationality,
as it is that when they become great apes, they revert to being ferocious saiyans!
hey! stay back!
gohan!
gohan!
g-gohan!
wh-what happened to him?
g-gohan...
the saiyan!
get the saiyan!
you idiot! don't provoke him!
wh-why, you...!
gohan!
th-the look in his eye is different.
gohan! get the saiyan!
great! there's still a little bit of gohan's mind left in there. s-sure...
he's half earthling!
th-the moon i created won't go out for another hour...
i'll just have to cut off his tail!
what a freak. and after he's taken all that damage, too.
is this guy immortal?
d-damn! my power!
dammit!
l-i can't move!
wh-what happened?
d-did he get him?
is he still alive?
what a monster!
th-the only things left in the city appear to be these two strange spheres.
does that mean that these are the saiyans' spaceships?
what's that?
l-it's flying!
wh-what's that?
l-it's here...
t-to think that i would have to withdraw...
d-damn...
me, vegeta-sama, known as the mightiest warrior in the universe...
how disgraceful...
th-that's his spaceship... y-you're not about to get away...
kuririn! use my katana!
w-we've come this far... i'm going to finish him off...
hold it!
th-this is for everyone that you killed...
say your prayers!
dammit! m-my body won't respond!
you did well to come this far.
i wasn't sure how this would turn out. it's wrong for me to play favorites,
but that saiyan is a villain that has plunged the whole universe into terror.
i can't help it.
although, this will not completely weed out the root of evil.
no, not the root of evil...
wait!
g-goku?
goku, was that you who just spoke into my mind?
yeah, it was... i can't talk very loud, and all...
k-kuririn, forgive me, but let him get away...
let him what? a-are you crazy?
p-please... th-this is the only thing i'll ever ask for myself...
but goku, this is the guy that killed our friends,
and tried to kill everyone else in the world!
if we let him go now, he's certain to recover his strength, and come back here!
y-you're probably right...
if you're thinking that maybe he'll have a change of heart, the way piccolo did,
then you're greatly mistaken! he's not that kind of guy!
i know that... and i know that vegeta there has incredible strength...
s-still... i ain't able to say this too well...
but when i saw him nearly dead there, i thought to myself...
"what a waste."
what a waste?
after training at kaio-sama's place, i thought i had reached my pinnacle...
but that vegeta guy there has done far better than i have...
it surprised me... to be honest, i was overwhelmed...
but somewhere within my heart, i was happy, and excited...
that must be because i'm a saiyan too...
whenever i see an amazing guy like that, my heart leaps...
i want to train even more, and fight him again...
this is the guy who killed yamucha-san, tenshinhan, and chaozu!
i know it's not the right thing to do... but please... grant me my selfish request...
let me have... another chance to fight him!
all right. you've got the right to ask for something for yourself.
it's thanks to you that we even have the earth at all now, goku.
but remember, goku...
next time, you take him down with devastating power!
yeah, i sure will...
r-remember this well, you trash... there aren't going to be any more miracles...
next time we meet, you're all dead!
be sure to enjoy yourselves to the fullest until then...
for now, the danger of the earth's extinction has passed.
or has it? and what is this "root of evil" that kaio spoke of?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
r-remember this well, you trash...
there won't be any miracles for you next time...
be sure to enjoy yourselves to the fullest until then...
earth had been saved. but already, a new drama was about to begin.
"we're off into space! the star of hope is piccolo's homeland."
are you okay?
you can rest easy now.
aw, did he leave?
never mind that guy, what kinda idiot are you? how come ya didn't finish him off?
sorry about that, kuririn...
don't worry about it. i did feel bad for everyone who died, though.
but even so, we might still be able to bring them back to life.
h-he couldn't be...!
gohan-chan!
ch-chichi?
gohan-chan! gohan-chan!
gohan-chan!
ch-chichi!
gohan-chan!
gohan-chan! gohan-chan! are you okay?! wake up! ma is here!
gohan-chan... what an awful thing to go through...
g-gohan is fine.
goku is in far worse shape than him. see? you see? over here. see?
you poor thing! bein' forced to go through somethin' like this!
you're never goin' to leave your ma's side again! you poor thing!
that's just not right. goku had it hard, too.
s-son-kun...
goku...
son-kun...
are you okay, son-kun?
th-this is awful.
s-sorry... i let the saiyan get away...
not at all. just driving him away was quite a feat.
ah, karin-sama...
saying he was strong doesn't begin to cover it.
b-bulma-san, yamucha was... except for the four of us, everyone else was done in...
uh-huh, we saw it on tv.
but piccolo died, which means that so has kami-sama...
he's right. and that means the dragon balls...
i know what that means!
y-you knew, didn't you?
y-yeah.
if only piccolo had been one of the survivors...
well 'scuse me for livin'.
that's right! all you did was run away! you didn't fight one bit!
what did you say?!
a good-for-nothing like you should have died right off, instead of piccolo!
you idiot!
if i hadn'a been there, these guys wouldn'a survived!
this is pissin' me off! i'm sick of bein' good!
all right, all right.
more importantly, we should hurry and get the injured to a hospital.
there aren't any more senzu.
easy, easy! easy now...
everyone's bodies are around here, right?
um... a little more that way.
bulma-san, don't cry. there's only a very slim chance that this is possible,
and maybe it's even a little crazy, so listen to me, but don't get your hopes up.
l-it's possible that we can bring everyone who was killed by the saiyans back to life.
what do you mean?
really?
this is going to sound like grasping at clouds...
k-kuririn... you said something about that to me, too...
what do you mean? tell us...
a-as it happens...
just a minute. i'll tell you later.
muten roshi-sama, land here. we have to load up everyone else's bodies.
chaozu's body is the only one left. let's see now...
there isn't one.
he blew himself to pieces.
i really would like to bring them all back to life.
as it stands, their sacrifice was all too great.
karin-sama, all i feel is anger... at my own helplessness...
now then...
that's okay. i'll pilot us.
i've calmed down a little.
o-okay...
gohan-chan! are you wakin' up?
relax! it's ma! it's your ma!
m-mother?
you poor thing! it must have been so scary! but you're okay now!
yeah, you did great! you're really something!
we got through it!
h-how? where is the saiyan?
he got away... he got away from us.
b-but still, we all hurt him something terrible, right?
he might never come back.
where's father?!
i'm in the back, gohan...
thanks to you guys, i managed to survive somehow...
hey, this is fine an' all, but yer goku's wife, right?
stop worryin' about just the kid, and look after yer husband, would ya?
how rude! nothin' doin'.
it's because of goku-sa that gohan-chan went through all that nastiness!
he didn't have to drag my boy into that!
that's not true, mother! father was...
i'm far more worried about your future, gohan, than i am about the earth!
goku, can i slug her?
kuririn...
would you tell us about what you were saying earlier?
o-oh, right.
the saiyans probably learned about there being dragon balls here on earth,
via goku's brother's radio, or whatever. the part about having wishes granted, too.
so, as long as they were here, they were trying to get the dragon balls, too.
really?
yeah.
but when they saw piccolo's face, they called him something weird.
a "namekian."
piccolo... and kami-sama, too... appear to have been aliens.
that's no wonder, what with his face.
the important part is what they said next.
nappa! kill them!
but what about the dragon balls?
i don't care! i have an idea.
if we go to planet namek, the home world of that namekian,
i'm sure that there will be dragon balls that are even more powerful.
is that all they said? that's nonsense.
i heard him, too.
he said that namekians have the power to create mysterious balls.
if... and that's a really big if... we were able to go to this planet namek place,
we might be able to obtain their dragon balls.
l-i get it.
if you did that, you would be able to bring those who had died back to life.
piccolo-sen could come back to life!
g-gohan-chan, how can you say that?!
that's right! if piccolo came back to life, so would kami-sama!
and that means we could restore the dragon balls here, too!
banzai! banzai! th-that's incredible!
then there's a chance... there really is a chance!
isn't there? isn't there? isn't there?
you amateurs make it sound so nice and simple.
there's no way we could pull off that kind of dream. i hate to burst your bubble.
n-not even you can do it, bulma-san?
in the first place, kuririn,
how are we supposed to know where this whatever-it's-called planet even is?
l-let me take care of that...
kaio-sama, you're listening, right?
do you know where this planet namek is?
planet namek? of course i know.
whatever else you may say, lam a kaio, after all.
th-this is amazing. we can hear him, too. this gentleman is kaio-sama, is he?
kaio-sama, it looks like everyone else can hear you, too, so tell us.
before i do, allow me to say one thing. you all did really well.
once son goku had been done in, i honestly thought it was hopeless.
that was really something.
still, i got a pretty big shock. not even kaio-ken worked against him...
yeah, even i greatly miscalculated that saiyan vegeta's strength.
who knew he'd be that strong?
m-maybe i really was wrong to let him get away...
maybe so.
h-hey, what does he mean? don't tell me goku intentionally...
l-i'll tell you all the details later.
now then, planet namek's location...
to put it in the terms you'd use on earth... let's see...
bearing sw66 by... no, no, let's see here...
bearing su83 by... 9045xy, is it?
9045xy, did you say?!
b-bulma-san, do you know where that is?
h-hey, turtle-chan, take over piloting. i've got to calculate this.
t-turtle-chan?
i've got a bad feeling about this...
planet namek used to be a very beautiful planet, as i recall,
but some time ago, they went through a terrible bout of abnormal weather.
i thought that all of the namekians died out at that time.
the planet itself is currently in the process of returning to normal,
but as for whether or not anyone survived...
o-oh, no...
this is hopeless. ain't no way there're still dragon balls there.
h-hey, you!
don't panic. once i check up on planet namek, i'll know.
now, where was it? let's see...
this way, huh?
so that's it!
that's the reason why kami... or rather, the namekian who became kami-fled to earth.
kami himself may have forgotten that because he lost his memory,
or maybe he was just too young a child. either way, it's a sad past.
yeah, but dragon balls can grant any wish, right?
if they're the guys that could make them things,
they coulda just wished to have the abnormal weather stopped, right?
that probably wouldn't have worked.
shen long said that he couldn't grant a wish
that exceeded the power of the dragon balls' creator.
that means he couldn't rein in that incredible amount of power.
that's why shen long couldn't do anything against the saiyans.
what're ya talkin' about? i guess the dragon balls ain't so great after all.
you're a sassy fellow!
what's this? there are some! there are some!
there are some namekians! there's just under a hundred of them,
but they survived, and are thriving again!
th-there're a hundred guys like that?!
not to worry. namekians are a very mild-mannered race by nature.
like that guy who was kami on your earth.
piccolo daimao was probably someone who was born
of the evil influence of earthlings that he encountered before becoming kami.
that explains it.
there are some nasty types out there in the world, after all.
look who's talking.
but now there's a possibility that kami,
not to mention yamucha and tenshinhan, can come back to life!
you're naive! you're absolutely naive!
indeed, i figured out where planet namek is. but how are you planning to go there?
h-how? well, in a spaceship, of course.
that's where you're being completely naive, i tell you!
if you used a spaceship
with the world's most powerful engine, an experimental model my dad made,
i calculated how much time it would take you to reach planet namek.
exactly how long do you think it would take?
i came up with a positively enormous figure.
look here. it would take 4,339 years and three months.
you'd have to live to a ripe old age, huh?
k-kaio-sama, what should we do?
y-y-you're asking me?
if that's the problem, i think we'll be all right.
i'm thinking of using the spaceship that that saiyan came here in.
the saiyan's? but the saiyan took that one and ran away, didn't he?
we saw the spaceship belonging to that vegeta guy,
but it was very small, and anyhow you look at it, it had to be a one-seater.
which means that the spaceship belonging to that other one who died
has to be out there somewhere.
th-that's right! and there's the one that my brother raditz came in, too!
come to think of it, that one got destroyed by gohan...
but anyhow, there's still one of them, right?
if i can find that one and analyze it, i just might come up with something.
it's probably in metro east.
that's the first place the saiyans destroyed.
we'll have to go look for it later.
i was thinking that, and picked up a nice little something.
this. i'm sure that vegeta guy beeped this thing to call his spaceship.
it has to be a remote control!
we can do this! we can definitely do this!
yay! yay! hope is in sight!
planet namek or bust!
a destination planet had been settled on.
however, there were still some difficult problems to solve beforehand.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
wait... let him go... please... let me have another chance to fight him!
following a fierce battle, goku and the others had saved the earth.
however, there was no telling when vegeta would come to attack again.
meanwhile, as for bulma and company...
if we go to planet namek, we might be able to obtain their dragon balls.
once we do that, we could also bring everyone back to life!
you're naive! you're absolutely naive!
i calculated how much time it would take you to reach planet namek.
it would take 4,339 years and three months. you'd have to live to a ripe old age, huh?
if that's the problem, we'll be all right.
we're sure to make it if we use that saiyan's spaceship.
yay! hope is in sight!
but whether or not it will work out that well...
"mysterious yunzabit! the search for kami-sama's spaceship."
yow!
gohan-chan, you're goin' to catch up with everythin' that you've fallen behind on.
anything but that!
what's the matter, kuririn? you're trembling.
l-it's nothing.
oww!
all we're doing is changing his bandages. what a loud patient this is.
on second thought, i shouldn't be here. we have to find that saiyan spaceship quickly.
let bulma handle that. you need to hurry and recover from your injuries.
b-but...
we never know when that saiyan is going to attack again.
you need to completely recover before that happens.
gohan-chan is not havin' anythin' to do with that anymore!
i'm not lettin' him get into any more dangerous situations like that again!
next, please.
m-my injuries aren't all that serious, so...
neither are mine!
now, look here!
you've got to get treated properly, or you're not goin' to get any better!
come on, gohan-chan!
no, anything but this!
wow, we're lucky.
they said that after gohan and i spend three days in the hospital, we'll be fine.
you've got me beat. they said it would be four months before my injuries heal.
they also said i might not be back to my former self.
hey, not to worry. in another month, i'll have some new senzu beans.
you know, you look just like a mummy in there.
tch! i went through all that nastiness, and they ain't even gonna keep me here.
you're just after the hospital's food, aren't you?
when yajirobe thought he was going to be done in by that saiyan,
he was like, "sorry 'bout that! i got lotsa respect for ya! lemme be your friend!"
why, you! what're ya talkin' 'bout?!
i was just sayin' that to get him off his guard!
well, in any case, you all really done well!
nothin' could make me happier. and everyone who's dead is comin' back to life, too.
mm-hmm, that is, if we can get to planet namek.
it will be all right, that's for sure!
hey, everyone! the tv! watch the tv!
oh, it's you, bulma! i thought you were some weird nurse.
shut up, would you? here, watch the tv.
according to those who found it, this object,
which was discovered in the devastation of metro east,
appears to be a vehicle that came from space, though that cannot be determined.
that's the saiyan's!
it sure is!
l-i can't see!
apparently, when this object was found, there were two of them,
but soon after, one of them suddenly flew away from the scene.
this is bad. those scientists have already carried it away.
wh-what do we do?
this should be interesting.
let's use the remote control that kuririn brought back, and call it here!
that will surprise them, i'm sure.
are you sure that's going to work?
what are you talking about? i'm a genius! i thoroughly checked it out last night.
watch this.
it's nice that we can watch it right here on tv, huh? okay, beep, beep, beep...
ready? it's going to start moving...
i want to see, too!
wh-what in the world could have happened here?!
th-the object suddenly exploded! what happened?
there is wreckage from the object all over!
it can't be!
wh-why? could that have been the self-destruct switch?
what do we do?! without that spaceship, we can't go to planet namek!
our last hope...
completely wiped out.
l-it's hopeless now...
this is a problem. i probably couldn't get there using kinto un, either.
this is your fault for picking up strange remote controls!
bulma-san, you're the one who was hasty to push those switches.
well...
hey.
mister popo!
hey there.
wh-what the...?!
someone come with me. there is spaceship.
a-a spaceship? you really have one, popo-san?
probably.
wh-who is that? mister popo.
mister popo?
he stays at kami-sama's place.
but he's been there at kami's palace
since long before this current kami-sama was ever there.
say, what do you mean, "probably"?
probably, it is...
spaceship. but mister popo not know for sure.
someone come with me to check. mister popo show way.
bulma-san!
me?! vvell, bulma-san, nobody else would know if it's a spaceship.
bulma-san?
would i be all right? i mean, doesn't that man have a dangerous look in his eye?
what is that?! there's someone riding it! what is it?!
bulma, what's taking you so long? hurry and hop on!
oh, no! save me!
i'm falling down!
i'm done for! i'm going to die!
we're counting on you, bulma!
be careful. i'm not like those guys. i'm delicate, okay?
okay, we go.
easy... easy, now...
h-how did he do that just now?
still, what kind of spaceship is it? could there really be one?
here.
already?
get off.
wh-where is this? it's pretty cold.
yunzabit highlands.
y-yunzabit?!
that's the ends of the earth, you know!
you mean, we came this far in that one instant?
here, maybe...
this way, maybe...
w-wait up!
say, do you mean there's something like a spaceship here?
hey, are you listening to me?
you haven't brought me here to this far-flung place...
for the purpose of doing anything indecent to me, right?
h'hal1g on!
hurry up-
y-you're kidding, right? i can't do that!
geez...
this thing.
is this spaceship?
l-i'll have to examine it...
what is this? it's not metal. could this be?
hang on, what's going on? tell me what this is, exactly!
about a hundred years ago, kami-sama told mister popo of old times.
strange story.
kami-sama said lived here in yunzabit when child. mister popo asked him...
"yunzabit remote region. people not live there, so why you there?"
i don't know why i was there.
i must have hit my head, and lost all of my memories up to that point.
had no parents?
no, i didn't. all i had was a letter that said they would be coming later.
what does that mean? i don't see where this story is going.
kami-sama as child waited long time for parents. not knew what happened, but waited.
i had my house there in yunzabit, after all.
i trusted that my parents would surely return there.
however, no matter how long i waited, nobody ever came. it was hard on me.
there was hardly anything there to eat, either. how long did i wait there?
twenty years? no, it must have been thirty years.
finally, i gave up, and, leaving my house behind, i left yunzabit.
once in a while, i went back to see how it was doing, but there was never any change.
so, what does that have to do with this?
you impatient. here come point of story.
but you know, thinking back on it now, it was a strange house.
i didn't realize it until i had learned more about the world,
but that house was really quite unusual.
it was round, with four legs, and looked almost like an insect.
its door didn't have any knobs or locks, but would open when a word was spoken to it.
"piccolo."
an entrance!
get up on there.
this is kami-sama's house?
say again to close.
"piccolo."
look close. this not house, but rather, spaceship?
that's right! kami-sama is a namekian!
that kaio person said that long ago,
planet namek went through some abnormal weather, and they nearly died out.
mister popo also heard kaio-sama's voice speaking.
then remembered story of this house.
thought "what if," came here searching, and this here.
if this really is a spaceship, then your story earlier would indeed be consistent.
when planet namek had bad time,
kami-sama's parents put child kami-sama aboard, sent to earth.
his parents meant to escape afterward, when they were able to,
but there was some kind of accident...
which is to say, they died...
that's it! after all, no matter how you look at this thing, it doesn't seem like a house.
this has to be a spaceship!
but even if that's so, can we use it or not?
the door moved, so it has to have power, right?
is this the main switch?
nope. well, what about this?
it's not this, either.
that's odd. i wonder if there's a code number or something.
sure, that's it. if it worked as easily as that,
then when kami-sama was a child, he would have tried pushing them, too.
it looks like this thing doesn't work using switches.
i wonder if bulma-san will really find anything for us.
all we can do now is pray.
we're counting on you, bulma. this is for everyone.
i don't get it.
could it be some kind of sensor?
voice?
yes! like with the entrance! words!
say what? "piccolo"?
not that! after all, that's the password you use for going in and out.
work! do you hear me? fly! let me see you fly!
it's no use. the language is different. you have to speak namekian.
after all, back at that tenkaichi tournament,
kami-sama and piccolo spoke in that strange language.
that must be the namekian language.
supposing that namekian language, mister popo knows those words.
really?!
really. "piccolo" means "other world" in those words. that why password for door.
why didn't you say so sooner?
so that's it. "piccolo daimao" means the demon king of another world.
try saying something in namekian. tell it to fly.
fly where?
anywhere is fine!
i know, how about around jupiter for now?
it says "acknowledged."
what is this?! doesn't this spaceship have any safety belts?!
what is that thing?!
just now, you said "want to go toilet" in namekian.
you said "safety belt," right?
this is all too complicated! we have to be careful what we say!
"complicated" means "time for bed."
incredible! it's jupiter! this is an incredible spaceship!
we did it! we did it, we did it!
thank goodness. now kami-sama come back to life.
a spaceship has been found.
now all that remains is a departure for planet namek.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
under pope's guidance, bulma traveled to the ends of the earth,
where she was shown a mysterious object.
when planet namek had bad time,
kami-sama's parents put child kami-sama aboard, sent to earth.
try saying something in namekian. tell it to fly.
anywhere is fine!
i know, how about around jupiter for now?
it's jupiter! that's incredible!
this is an incredible spaceship!
not even planet namek is too far away like this!
"blast-off for planet namek! the terror awaiting gohan & co."
wow, this truly is amazing. the universe really is a big place.
to think that there's a genius even greater than myself out there...
this is no time to be admiring it, dad. check it out as fast as possible, okay?
okay, okay.
so anyway, this is an incredible spaceship. it took us to jupiter, just like that!
really, it was amazing!
huh? sweet olives? what's wrong with your nose?
no! jupiter! jupiter!
anyhow, once we finish up here, we're taking off, so get everyone together!
i'm counting on you!
nah, it's nothin'.
here.
i've had enough.
no, you haven't! you've got to eat, and recover from your injuries, quick.
okay -
we've done it, goku!
cheer up! word is, we've found a spaceship! we can go to planet namek!
piccolo and tenshinhan and the others will be coming back to life for sure!
is that right?
good work.
i splurged, and bought this many! see?
g-gohan-chan?
where did he go?!
what's wrong?
gohan-chan isn't here.
huh? he was there reading his book just a little while ago.
he shouldn't even be able to walk properly yet...
what if he breaks a bone?!
she's making too much of it.
35...
36...
37...
38...
that was close, that was close...
gohan-chan!
where could gohan-chan have gone?
his legs haven't healed, so he couldn't be up walkin'...
all righty...
that should be okay.
gohan-chan! gohan-chan!
gohan-chan!
what are you doin' in a place like this?!
mother... it was such a nice day, i thought i would read my book outside.
don't be so rash!
come on, i'll carry you back to the room.
l-i'm completely okay now...
that carelessness of yours is dangerous. come on, get on.
good grief, you're so reckless. who are you takin' after?
what that all means is, the spaceship is absolutely okay!
in that spaceship, you'll be able to get to planet namek in just one month!
all that's left is to remodel the interior a little.
i'd say you can leave in five days.
that's right.
to planet namek in kami-sama's spaceship, huh? amazing!
that glimmer of light looks like it's becoming reality.
and so, popo-san, it's all up to you to go to planet namek for us.
mister popo not going.
mister popo can't go. be away from kami-sama's palace two months. can't.
oh, no! but you're the only one who knows how to speak namekian!
you also seem pretty tough. popo-san, you have to be the one who goes!
no worry. teach you namekian.
well, bulma-san, you'll have to go.
if anything were to happen, you're the only one familiar with the mechanics, bulma-san.
fine, then. it doesn't sound all that dangerous.
i'll have to build in a shower room, too...
and a more comfortable bed, and a stereo...
but there's no way i'm going by myself, okay? someone come with me!
i'm tellin' ya right now, there ain't no way i'm goin'.
nobody was expecting you to.
ahem...
two months round trip, huh? all right, i guess i've got no choice but to go with you.
that will just add unnecessary danger!
i knew it.
son-kun is in this state and all... kuririn, you'll come with me, right?
m-me? that's okay and all, but for two months? i wanted to train...
you never know when that saiyan will be coming again.
nice for you. i wanted to go, too.
i wanted to see what kind of shen long would appear on planet namek.
well, goku, you stay here and rest up,
and come up with a strategy against the saiyan, or something.
yeah, right. we'll be counting on the both of you.
u-um...
what's the matter? have to go potty?
p-please take me, too!
g-gohan-chan! wh-what kind of silly joke is that?
it's not a joke! i-l really want to go...
d-don't be absurd! it'll take two more months, on top of everythin' else!
i'm sorry. i want to go, no matter what.
i want to be the one who brings piccolo-sen back to life myself.
so that's it. well said, gohan.
what kind of nonsense are you two talkin'?!
there's no reason for gohan-chan to be doin' any of this!
what if anythin' were to happen?!
for cryin' out loud, he hasn't even healed enough!
we'd better stand back.
as far as my body goes, i'm fine.
wh-what are you doin'?!
s-stop that, gohan-chan!
i beg you, please take me.
i won't stand for this! i absolutely won't stand for this!
it's two months! on top of the year of anxiety i've already been through!
what about cram school? what about your lessons?!
you've already fallen way behind the other children!
piccolo's got nothin' to do with anythin'!
you are a little child, and you should act like a child!
shut up!
gohan-chan... you've turned into a delinquent!
m-mother... right now... right now really isn't the time to be talking about that.
we all fought desperately to save everyone on earth,
and we have to bring those who died back to life,
to fight against the saiyan once again!
i can... i can fight, too!
i have to... i have to do something!
understand, mother. i'm sorry.
that kid says some pretty awesome things once in a while.
he's got you beat, chichi.
now let gohan go off into space willingly.
gohan, nice going. you really have grown stronger.
it's okay, i tell you. he'll be completely fine.
let us take care of him.
there won't be anything dangerous this time around, after all.
can you learn namekian in five days?
right, we'll have to input it all into a translator device,
so... let's see, we'll need ten days.
all right, let's meet up ten days from now at kame house!
right!
"good day" is "pikonatto."
"pikonatto," huh?
all right, you're fine.
yow!
you don't need to bother...
oh, no! if you say that, girls aren't goin' to like you.
time for your medicine already.
oh, water, water...
hit me.
all right!
don't hold back! hit me as hard as you can!
right.
good. if you can hit that hard, you'll be fine, gohan.
you'll do a great job of standing in for me.
and so, in the blink of an eye, ten days went by,
and the day of launch had come.
whoo! can we really get to planet namek in this thing?
well, don't you look sharp, kuririn?
you're not, by any chance, making light of outer space, are you?
i even cut my hair, because it would be in the way inside my space suit!
well? isn't gohan-kun here yet?
he'll be coming really soon, from the hospital.
he hadn't been discharged yet?
no. chichi-san insisted that he remain up until the last minute.
good grief, she's so overprotective.
say, bulma-san...
do you think we should take umbrellas?
planet namek won't necessarily have nice weather.
suit yourself.
oh, looks like they're here.
sorry we're a little late.
so this is the spaceship, huh? it's somethin' else!
okay, gohan-chan, make sure you're careful as you go.
what's the matter? come on out.
make sure you brush your teeth after meals.
is that really you, gohan? what happened to your hair?
f-father laughed at me, too.
whatever else you might say, this is the first time man is goin' to outer space.
we don't want to be ill-mannered.
uh, what is all that?
this is his change of underwear and study gear...
this is two months' worth of his medicine and vitamins...
his dryer...
his brush... his bowl and chopsticks... also...
th-that's enough.
well, shall we get going right away, then? for some reason, i'm feeling discouraged.
we're depending on you. make sure you find the dragon balls for us.
right!
"piccolo."
grandpa, mother, turtle hermit-san, turtle-san, we're off. take care.
"piccolo."
make sure to eat all your meals!
send me a letter every day!
bye!
this is a little exciting, huh?
say, bulma-san, where should i put my bag?
you can stick it wherever you need to, can't you?! hurry up and sit down!
she's in a bad mood for some reason.
five seconds to launch! destination: planet namek!
j-just a minute!
4...
3...
2...
1...
w-w-we still haven't f-fastened our b-b-belts!
it's too late to stop now, you know!
th-that truly is some tremendous speed. they're out of sight already.
gohan-chan! be sure to rinse, too!
you can move about freely now.
once we're out of the atmosphere, everything calms down.
eh? already?
i wanted to see earth.
huh? what are you doing, bulma-san?
how nosy! i'm changing my clothes!
you're changing? you mean, into pajamas? you're going to bed already?
whoops, come to think of it, i forgot to bring pajamas myself.
what about you, gohan?
i made sure i brought some.
i know it's none of my business,
but can't you do anything about that shichigosan outfit?
this is just for the first part.
i actually have some clothes that i made without mother finding out about it.
well?
you really do look up to piccolo, don't you?
yes. about the same as i do father.
huh? th-those are unusual pajamas, huh?
they look hard to sleep in.
of course they're not pajamas! when i saw you guys,
i felt like an idiot for working so hard getting ready to go into space.
hey, did we do something wrong?
search me.
good luck, gohan.
the trio had departed for planet namek, carrying the hopes of goku and the others...
with no way of knowing the incredible terror that awaited them.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
p-please take me, too, by all means!
i want to go, no matter what.
i want to be the one who brings piccolo-san back to life myself.
piccolo's got nothin' to do with anythin'!
you are a little child, and you should act like a child!
shut up!
g-gohan-chan... you've turned into a delinquent!
m-mother... right now... right now really isn't the time to be talking about that.
we all fought desperately to save the earth,
and we have to bring those who died back to life,
to fight against the saiyan once again!
seeking a new set of dragon balls, the trio of bulma, kuririn, and son gohan
had departed for planet namek, the native land of kami-sama and piccolo.
"friends or foes? children of the mysterious giant spaceship."
lam bored to death.
i've had it. this is still only the seventh day, too.
we've still got twenty-some days to go. i should have installed hibernation devices.
are you guys image training again?
nice for you to be able to pass the time.
wow, you're not bad! you sure are strong.
you've inherited goku's blood, and you've been trained by piccolo, after all.
still, i was surprised by how many techniques you have, kuririn.
listen...
it's fine for you to train inside your heads,
but the room is starting to get pretty messy, so would you tidy it up for us?
there's a lady present.
b-but bulma-san, you're the one who made it messy over there.
we've cleaned up our own messes.
i'm busy here! i've got a lot of things to think about.
you guys are just passengers, so that's fine for you.
i thought you just got done saying that you were bored.
you hush! i wish you would show a little more consideration toward a delicate lady.
so busy, so busy...
as a lady, i sure wish she wouldn't stroll around in her underwear.
oh, not again.
four more.
son-san, you mustn't do that!
nurse, i'm all better now.
goku is immortal, you see.
did i just do something? must be my age, but lately, i don't even know what i'm doing.
oh, for heaven's sake...
these sponge cakes are delicious.
of all the...
doctor!
how many times must i say it before it gets through to you?
if you keep doing that, you'll never get to go home.
as you can see, i'm all...
it should hurt. you were very severely injured, after all. get back to bed.
s-sorry.
you there, grandpa glad-hands, give him a hand.
"g-grandpa glad-hands"?
my word, "grandpa glad-hands," huh? my, my...
"grandpa glad-hands"!
at your service.
where is his wife, who is usually with him?
oh, she probably went to the roof to look up at the sky again.
gohan-chan, are you doin' all right?
i told you over and over to send me a letter every day,
but you haven't sent a single one...
come back to me soon, safe and sound.
say...
by the way, i've been wondering about this for a long time,
but about that saiyan, vegeta, who ran away... where did he run away to?
what do you mean, where?
well, the saiyans' planet was lost a long time ago, right?
oh, right. he had taken an awful lot of damage,
so i think it would have to be a civilized planet somewhere.
could there be such a place?
earlier, son-kun's brother mentioned something, remember?
he said that, "we exterminate those who live on planets with good environments",
and then sell them to aliens."
do you think that maybe vegeta went to one of those aliens' planets to get treated?
if he did, then when he comes back to earth would depend on where that planet was.
if it was far away, then it would buy us some time.
you know something, that's one terrible fellow who has set his sights on earth.
t-to think that it would come to this...
what was that just now? something flashed, huh?
it wouldn't be planet namek, right?
it's too early for that, to say the least, isn't it?
huh? something is approaching.
but i don't see anything.
b-bulma-san! flying saucers!
b-bulma-san!
leave them to me!
counterattack!
you got them! you got them!
it's too soon to celebrate. look!
it's a spaceship.
it's coming closer and closer!
i can see that. it's coming straight toward us.
is that...?!
we're going to hit!
do something!
h-how could they turn in the same direction?!
w-we're done for!
where could we be? it looks like the inside of a spaceship,
but even so, there isn't a soul around. i have no idea what's going on here.
there may be some weird aliens hiding from us.
you're right. they might suddenly...
pop out, like this.
gohan! don't scare us like that!
l-it looks like it's safe to go outside. let's go have a look.
here goes!
maybe i should have stayed on earth after all, like yajirobe.
oh, no!
i forgot to put on some pants first.
huh? but you are wearing them, aren't you?
these are my shorts. ah, oh well.
let's hope you don't embarrass mankind.
kuririn-san...
all right, let's go.
gohan! don't push!
gohan, watch yourself! it looks like there are some booby traps in here.
remember, you two! men are to protect ladies at all times! don't forget that!
there should be a doorway into the main room somewhere...
a wall like this will be easy to take care of.
kame...
hame...
k-kuririn!
kame...
hame-ha!
must be nice for you guys, being able to perform bukujutsu.
i get the feeling that they want to eliminate any intruders, no matter what.
is this a saiyan spaceship?
beats me.
suppose vegeta were to suddenly appear from over there...
c-cut that out! look, i'm starting to get goosebumps!
i wonder if that man vegeta is recovering from his injuries somewhere right now.
i'd appreciate it if he'd just die.
k-kakarrot... remember this... i will definitely go back there to settle the score!
say, i get the feeling
that we've been walking around the same place in circles for a while now.
there wasn't anything that looked like a door, huh?
there's one!
it looks like the real door is down here.
(ya)!
damn... they sure built this thing to be convoluted!
all right, let's try going in here.
kuririn, be careful.
i know.
outer space!
i thought we were dead!
l-i'm getting hungry...
my tummy is grumbling, too.
something smells good.
y-you're right.
wow, that looks delicious.
it might be a trap!
it sure is a spread!
be careful when touching anything.
you won't catch me falling for that!
bulma-san!
help me!
bulma-san, your reflexes are so slow!
it's you guys who are the unusual ones!
we're coming to help you out now!
please move away from the cage!
what is this?! who set this childish trap?!
don't move!
bulma-san!
why, you...!
stay back! i'll be shot!
kuririn-san, they're all children!
d-don't shoot! we're not your enemy! ls there an adult here that i could speak to?
never mind about me! give these kids a good hard spanking!
b-but...
don't dawdle around! hurry up!
okay then...
kuririn! don't offer any more futile resistance!
just hurry and surrender, already!
b-bulma-san...
k-kufifln-san'?
wh-what should we do?
ominously, these children have suddenly appeared.
what exactly is the true nature of this mysterious spaceship?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
stay back! i'll be shot!
d-don't shoot! we're not your enemy!
wishing to bring yamucha, piccolo and the others back to life,
bulma and company have taken off into space in search of new dragon balls.
however...
"honest to goodness? there lies namek, planet of hope."
p-please listen to us!
we come from a planet called earth, and in no way do we mean you any...
i don't want to hear anything you invaders have to say to us!
invaders? w-w-wait just a minute, would you?
there's nothing sinister about us, i tell you! we're not invaders!
shut up!
hold on a minute! those boys are right!
you talk too much for men! you're not popular with the girls, so...
stop standing around and do something!
gohan, we're fighting.
right.
yee-ow-ow-ow!
hey! what did you do that for?!
don't move!
l-i really will kill you.
zeshin, let's hurry and kill them. these guys have to be freeza's men.
y-yeah...
w-we have to kill them, huh?
wh-what's happening?!
zeshin! bad news! we've gone into a meteor swarm!
what?! damn...
hey, keep an eye on these guys! if they try anything funny, shoot them right there!
kuririn!
now's our chance! save me, quickly!
y-yeah. gohan...
right.
no! no! no! absolutely no way!
oww!
i haven't even stuck you yet.
my, my, goku is positively hopeless over this sort of thing.
ow! ow! ow! ow! ow!
i told you, i haven't stuck you yet.
good grief. for someone who's always doin' push-ups and sit-ups,
what are you so upset over somethin' as small as this for?
chichi...
hmph! how embarrassin'.
compared to the sufferin' gohan went through, that pain should be nothin' at all.
i'm goin' to go pace a hundred times in front of the shrine for gohan-chan's sake.
chichi...
and stickum...
what are you doing?! hurry it up!
right... but...
any ship that goes into a meteor swarm like this won't last long, no matter how tough it is!
if we don't hurry, we won't be spared, either!
but that's why we can't just leave these needy people like this...
who are you calling needy people?!
are you okay?
all right!
wh-who are these guys?
somebody help!
oh, no!
take care of things here!
geez, you two are just too nice to others...
hey! what kind of piloting is that?!
which one is ? damn!
i can't stand to watch this! move it!
what are you doing?!
let me do this. i'm a pro at this sort of thing, after all.
how can we trust you?!
w-we don't need your help!
letting me do this is better than getting everyone killed, right?
let's see... this and this controls the ascent, and this is left and right.
which one is the speed control?
hurry up and tell me! you don't want to die, do you?!
th-the keys on the left side.
okay -
awesome!
looks like we somehow managed to pull through, huh?
wh-what is this? don't you trust us yet?
how can we ever trust you?!
your pals are the ones who destroyed our planet, after all!
what do you mean, our pals?
hmph, don't play dumb!
you guys are freeza's men, aren't you?
freeza?
bulma-san!
help me out here, kuririn.
these kids still seem to have us all wrong.
we don't have anything wrong!
we were convinced when we saw that barbaric power you have!
barbaric, he says?
that's mean.
i will admit that those two are barbarians,
but i am a sincere person, who loves peace and justice.
n-now hold on...
how can we believe what you're saying?!
hold it!
z-zeshin...
guys, it's okay for you to put your guns down.
why, zeshin?! these guys are freeza's men!
their pals are the ones who killed our moms and dads!
if they were freeza's men, they wouldn't have saved us.
they would have just suddenly come attacking us, and have killed us all.
that's right. before, they came without warning,
and killed dad and mom without saying anything, didn't they?!
maybe so, but...
dad! mom!
you've got a nice look in your eyes.
bun...
thanks for believing us.
then again, those guys sound just like saiyans, huh?
say, by any chance, did the guys that attacked you have tails?
tails? no, they didn't have those.
l-i see. then they weren't saiyans, huh?
which would mean that there are other bad folks out here in space.
so, what happened to your planet?
our planet was peaceful, and a very easy place to live.
until they came!
those guys appeared before us without any warning.
they said they were going to deliver our world to freeza-sama,
and that we should be thankful.
and then they suddenly started killing our dads and moms like they were worms.
they were going to kill all the people who were on the planet,
and turn it over to freeza!
i'm surprised you guys survived.
the adults, who realized what freeza's scheme was, had us escape in spaceships.
but all of the other spaceships were chased down by freeza and shot down!
so this mirror-clad spaceship is the only one that survived.
mirror-clad spaceship? i see, so the mirrors reflect outer space.
that explains why we couldn't see the shape of your ship, either.
so where are you guys going now? do you have any destination?
yeah, there's a planet where our dads used to travel to on business long ago.
we're sure that they will take us in.
is this planet far away?
not to worry. we'll get to that planet, no matter how many years it takes.
hang in there, all right?
yeah. you guys, too.
right.
okay, let's go. we've lost quite a bit of time, so we need to hurry.
oh, that's okay, isn't it? planet namek isn't going anywhere.
planet namek? are you guys going to planet namek?
that's right. you know it?
we passed it about two weeks ago.
if you go straight in the direction ks-162, there should be quite a shortcut.
huh? you mean it?
y-yeah...
the direction ks-162, right? thank you! come on, we're going.
bye-bye.
oh, but that shortcut is...
well, they're gone.
they were nice folks, huh?
bun...
okay, we'll hurry on, too!
all right! guys, let's go!
take direction ks-162 and head to planet namek.
that's a bit of a relief, huh?
what's the matter?
oh, i'm just worried about the other bad aliens those kids talked about.
but they weren't the saiyans, right?
however, the saiyans did have allies.
they've got nothing to do with us.
well, i'm going to bed. i'm completely exhausted.
however, kuririn's concerns were by no means off the mark.
eighteen days after vegeta left earth...
all right, here...
something is coming!
is it freeza-sama? it couldn't be! he just left!
l-it's an older model. it's a soldier.
that signal is vegeta-sama's.
that's strange. we didn't get any word that he was returning.
could something have happened to him?
hey, this is the control room! vegeta-sama is arriving!
fall out to greet him at once!
he's here.
there's just one pod, all right. where's nappa-san?
what's the matter? he's not coming out.
h-hey, his life signs are awfully low.
what?
he's using the life-support equipment!
this is bad! hurry and take him to the treatment center!
wh-wh-what is that?!
an earthquake?
b-bulma-san, has something happened to cause this shaking?!
you guys make light of outer space, so that's why you're so surprised by something like this.
this is a shortcut, so it's going to be a little bumpy.
how can she sleep through a situation like this?
l-it's settled down.
that was mean, bulma-san.
i didn't think that you would try anything like this!
no, you misunderstand, bulma-san!
how would you know?! you're a student of that old man turtle, too, after all!
poor kuririn-san...
look at that!
we made it! we've arrived at planet namek!
that was fast, huh? it's only been about ten days.
that's what a shortcut will do for you.
is that really...
planet namek?
sure it is. isn't it obvious? just like those kids said.
bulma and the others had arrived in no time. but was this really planet namek?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
thanks to the young boys who were drifting along in their mirrored spaceship,
bulma and the others learned of a new evil that existed separate from the saiyans.
we made it! we've arrived at planet namek!
is that really...?
sure it is. isn't it obvious? just like those kids said.
"kind-hearted aliens. there's the wu xing qiu ball already."
both of you, fasten your seat belts. there'll be quite a jolt when we touch down.
oh, right.
commence landing in a suitable location.
we did it! we've landed on planet namek!
amazing!
what kind of place is it? we can't see much through this mist.
are you sure this is it?
no mistake about it. but...
i rebuilt this spaceship! are you trying to put it down?!
no, it's not that...
then what is it?
we should be able to tell right away by looking at the dragon radar.
y-yeah, yeah, right!
good grief, you're so skeptical...
k-kami...?
you're finally awake, are you?
who are you? lychee.
the biggest quack doctor on the planet.
and this loudmouth is zarkuro. he's been bad company for me for 300 years now.
th-three hundred years?!
nice to meet you.
that's how we say hello on this world.
nice to meet you. i'm bulma.
you know, you're lucky that i was the one who discovered you.
if it weren't for me taking the proper measures,
all three of you would have croaked.
thank you.
come on, now, how long are you going to sleep? both of you, hurry and wake up.
come on.
nice to meet you.
nice to meet you.
um, this is planet namek, right?
yes, it is.
we can tell just by looking at your faces. you look just like kami-sama.
that's right. you look just like piccolo-sen, too.
i sure hope you find them okay... the dragon balls.
h-how did you...?
we know everything there is to know about you.
well, you are kami-sama's relatives, after all.
i guess there's no reason why you wouldn't.
you needn't worry. we won't stand in your way.
oh, right, where's our spaceship?
oh, we put it in the storeroom in back.
here it is.
it's pretty damaged, but still okay, right?
probably.
thank you for everything.
don't mention it.
you really are kind-hearted people for doing all this, aren't you?
look! they're here! all right!
there, look, look!
see? there are three of them grouped together near here!
how lucky for us!
let's hurry and go look for them.
with any luck, we can get three of them today.
all right, let's go!
okay, let's go!
right.
that thing won't do you any good.
this area is a dangerous one, and teeming with monsters.
if you go out in that toy-like thing, you'll get yourself stomped on easily.
monsters?
bulma-san...
all right, what choice do i have but to let you use my goku?
goku?
what do you think? my dear little goku is pretty fast, huh?
yeah...
there it is! it's around here! could you land around here?
a-all right. goku, here! land!
oh, no!
with a spaceship like this one...
was it down there?
no, it wasn't.
search carefully. it has to be around here.
sorry to have to make you do this, as well.
that's okay, this is staving off boredom.
it's a big help.
after all, right now, earth could be facing a great crisis at any moment, and...
oh, you know all about it, huh?
yes.
it's definitely down there somewhere, no doubt about it.
did you find it?
we couldn't hold our breaths any longer.
this is going to be really hard.
still, there's no mistake that it's around here someplace.
huh? where's lychee-san?
here it is!
here it is!
lucky!
r-really?
he's completely regained consciousness.
k-kakarrot...
why? why, when my battle power is far and away higher than his,
did i take that attack dead-on?
what?! what?!
what did you do that for out of nowhere?!
ee-yow!
patients should act like patients, and lie there quietly, you know!
i'm just so bored, so bored! i can't wait to go cut loose!
patients shouldn't be talkin' nonsense.
goku-sa, until your body is doin' better, you're to behave yourself.
is that for me?
this? if you can put it on, you can wear it.
i guess not, then.
these ancient ruins are from four or five-thousand years ago.
wow, five-thousand years?
look here, the dragon ball is within a five-meter radius of us.
bulma-san, over there.
find it?
there are stairs over here.
the radar's readings are getting stronger.
it must be in here.
all right, let's go.
bulma-san, wait!
wow, these are ancient namekians.
their faces are completely different from the way they look now, aren't they?
yeah, it would seem so...
wh-what are these?
i wonder if there's treasure in them.
it's right close by.
in here.
th-that's...!
ulp... is that...?
okay, let's find one more before the day is over!
you're sure a chipper old man, huh?
he's a nice fellow, isn't he? doing this for complete strangers like us.
that's what's so fishy about it. we should be careful.
it's possible that once we get all seven together,
he might be planning to swipe them from us.
he couldn't be.
it's in this area. could you set us down soon?
yes, yes!
huh?
what's the matter?
the dragon ball is moving.
a-are you all right?
i'm fine, but the radar...
c-could you hand that over?
hey! hold it!
bulma-san!
hey! hold it!
telling him that isn't going to get through to him!
wait!
what are you doing?!
y-you can't go any farther!
we have to hurry, or he'll get away, you know!
why are you stopping me?! let me go!
if you go any farther, your life will be in danger.
he's gone.
listen, you're not planning to swipe the dragon balls from us, are you?!
l-i wouldn't do that.
you're acting funny. you're being far too nice to perfect strangers like us.
that's his voice. something has happened to him.
let's go have a look.
i'm sure it was around here...
whoa! that's that thing from earlier!
the water in these swamps is dreadful stuff that will dissolve any living thing,
and the gasses that rise from it will take out any ordinary person who breathes them.
is that so? so that's why you stopped us, huh?
i'm sorry for saying something so terrible.
just so long as you know, it's all right.
thank goodness.
still, we're in a jam.
if he's ended up like that, that means the dragon ball is in the swamp, right?
how are we going to get it out of there?
oh, that would be impossible.
under any circumstances?
well, i do have a bodysuit for that sort of thing, but even if you
were to wear it to dive down there, it would only be good for ten seconds.
any longer than that, and the suit will dissolve.
i'll do it.
after all, we can't do anything unless we have that dragon ball, right?
that may be so, but...
i just need to come back up within ten seconds, right?
i'll give it a try. please let me do it.
i know. what if we tied a special rope around his body,
to pull him up before ten seconds is up?
mm-hmm, that sounds good.
all right, let's give it a try.
judging from the readings on the radar, it's right underneath us. good luck.
we'll pull you up with the rope after seven seconds, okay?
okay -
2... 3... 4... 5... 6... 7...
now!
oh, no! the swamp water is stronger than i figured...
gohan-chan! gohan!
all right, great. now to hurry up on the rope.
the rope!
i have to act fast, or i won't make it!
it's no good! i won't last until i make it to the top like this!
it's no good!
masenko'.!
gohan-chan...
gohan!
i'm back.
he made it! he made it!
he made it, all right...
bulma and the others were ecstatic over already obtaining three of the balls.
now then, will they be able to get all of the dragon balls without any trouble?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the trio of gohan, kuririn and bulma had at last arrived on planet namek,
and set out at once to search for the dragon balls.
and already, they had gotten three of the dragon balls.
"planet freeza no. 79. vegeta recovers!!"
kakarrot...
yow-ow-ow-ow!
okay, let's find the remaining dragon balls quickly, and go back to earth!
saying "do it quickly" is one thing, but as spread-out as this place is...
we'll find them for sure, you'll see.
thank you very much, zarkuro-san.
come to mention it, where is lychee-san today?
he said he was staying home because he had some work to do.
that's strange. one of the dragon balls is moving toward us rapidly.
what is that?
what are you doing?! the dragon ball is inside that thing!
hurry up and go get the dragon ball!
y-you can't mean that. let's just wait until the tornado disperses.
that tornado isn't going to disperse.
on this planet, tornados roam around the desert forever.
snap to it. i'm going to be taking shelter, okay?
what are you doing?!
hurry up!
a-all right.
gohan, we're going to release our ki toward that thing.
right.
all right...
kienzan'.!
masenko'.!
stop that! if you do that, you're going to destroy the dragon ball!
b-but...
what are you doing?! clumsy, clumsy, clumsy!
stay away! stay away! stay away!
this is why i said i didn't want to come to planet namek!
bulma-san!
this is why i said i couldn't go from the start, you know!
there's no way a delicate young lady like myself can go looking for dragon balls!
you're not serious!
without that dragon ball, piccolo-san won't be coming back to life.
there it is!
i did it!
all right...
masenko'.!
gohan!
gohan-kun!
i got it out.
you did it!
yahoo! that makes four of them! you did it!
sure enough, this is the best outfit for me!
this one is that way, no doubt about it.
it sure is dark. i can't see a thing.
shall i make us a torch?
wh-what was that just now?
this isn't a forest, it's a bird!
aah! help!
look at that incredible castle!
we've got no choice but to jump off!
it does look like that's the only thing we can do.
y-you're kidding, right?!
if we don't act fast, we're going to become bird food.
all right! all right, already. but you guys are responsible for catching me!
we know.
remember this well, you trash... there aren't going to be any more miracles...
be sure to enjoy yourselves until then...
i can't beat that saiyan like this.
say, the dragon ball is right nearby.
okay, bulma-san, you keep a lookout, if you please.
i-it'll be okay, right? he's sound asleep, after all.
kuririn-san, have you found it?
no, not yet. what about you, zarkuro-san?
i haven't found it.
geez, where exactly have you hidden it?
there it is!
here goes.
ready, set...
ready, set...
safe!
okay, let's get back, quickly.
i've looked everywhere i can think of, but i have absolutely no idea where he went.
good grief! my darlin' gohan-chan is off strugglin' hard on a distant planet,
and what is his father, goku-sa, doin'?! he never does anythin' a parent should!
n-now, now, chichi, you don't need to get so worked up...
goku must have felt terrible that he couldn't do anything, all here on his own.
no, he's not gettin' away with it! makin' others worry about him like this...
if he doesn't get back here soon, i'm goin' to turn this sweater into hankies!
you won't get away from me!
bulma-san, are you sure this toy can fly?
you just hush! if i say it will fly, then it will fly!
i told you, we should have run away down the stairs.
stop all of your complaining and do something about that guy, now!
i guess we've got no choice.
all right, gohan, let's go! right!
hold it, hold it, hold it!
oh, man! enough, already!
i did it! i really am a mechanical genius! amazing!
kienzan'.!
masenko'.!
we got him!
we' re saved!
for goodness' sake, you guys are nothing but trouble for me!
if i weren't around, we wouldn't have gotten a single dragon ball. you're hopeless.
you don't say...
now there's only two left.
at this rate, we should be able to go back to earth soon, huh?
that would be nice...
huh?!
it's almost time...
all right.
you are now healed. you may open your eyes.
unfortunately, we were not able to regenerate your tail.
no matter. it will grow back in time.
vegeta has recovered at last. the fearsome battle is about to begin again.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
as bulma and the others search for the dragon balls,
they have already obtained five of them. however...
you are now healed. you may open your eyes.
unfortunately, we were not able to regenerate your tail.
no matter. it will grow back in time.
vegeta has recovered at last. that which was feared is about to begin again.
"the dragon balls are all found! piccolo-sen will also come back to life."
brr...
h-hurry it up! are you trying to freeze me to death?!
you can't ask us to do that.
he's right. if we melt it too fast, this whole cave could collapse.
i get it! i get it already, so just hurry it up!
ah, man! i'm sure this cold is no good for my skin!
if my beauty is ruined because of this, it would be a serious loss for the universe,
wouldn't it, zarkuro-san?
huh? where could he have gone?
bulma-san, just a little more.
we did it! the sixth one!
one more to go!
hooray! hooray! hooray! hooray!
what?
what is this?! i thought you were going to keep this from happening!
if you're going to complain, tell us later! let's just hurry!
kuririn, do something, quick!
wah! oh no!
left! left! go left!
all right!
ho, ho, not bad.
but they're finished now.
i guess we can relax now.
this is no time to relax!
vegeta-sama, as powerful as you are, you sure must have had a hard time of it.
as busted up as this high-quality rubber protector is,
i'm surprised you came back to us safely.
it would take quite a lot for it to end up like this.
what in the world happened to you on that planet earth?
is freeza-sama around?
n-no, he has departed.
he's already gotten tired of this planet, huh?
um... kewie-sama...
said that he had something to speak to you about,
and that you were to come to the training room when your treatment was finished.
ha! you tell him that i said, "i've got nothing to discuss with the likes of you."
b-but...
vegeta-sama... um... you've forgotten your scouter.
i don't need that thing. you can have it.
it's no good... i ain't able to control my power at all...
damn...
i've had it.
i ain't even able to perform the kaio-ken like this, let alone a genki dama.
hurry up and do something!
gohan, up there!
right, understood!
an outlet?
lucky! there's an outlet!
i see an outlet!
you're right!
that was close.
okay, one more to go.
right.
say, bulma-san, don't you think this is a little bit strange?
what?
n-nothing, really. never mind.
it's almost time, huh?
yeah.
it's just ahead. we're nearly there.
isn't this where we were before?
what's the matter?
we'll leave you behind.
it looks like the dragon ball is in that lake.
there doesn't seem to be any doubt.
it has to be inside that stone figure.
judging by all the other events we've had up to now,
it doesn't look like this is going to be easy, either.
it would be a relief if lychee-san or zarkuro-san were here, huh?
what are you worrying about?
this one out here is going to be a simple affair compared to the others, isn't it?
i don't see you going out to get it.
one more to go.
one more, and then kami-sama and piccolo can both come back to life.
right.
but bulma-san...
and once that happens, the dragon balls will be restored and we can return to earth,
and bring yamucha, tenshinhan and everyone back to life, can't we?
then we can all go back to our regular lives, and earth will be at peace, won't it?
am i rig ht?
then i can put some makeup on, and go back to being the usual beauty that i am, can't i?
don't you boys forget that you're on a mission to save earth.
a-all right.
one more to go, huh? one more, and then piccolo-sen will come back to life!
k-kuririn-san!
help me! i can't move!
wh-what's wrong, gohan?!
geez, this is no time to be playing around, gohan-kun!
i can't move! it's like i'm being held by an incredible power!
gohan!
there he is. over there.
wh-where?
what was goku-sa doin' in a place like this?
d-don't tell me he was training in his condition...
he's so reckless...
i'll head for earth first thing in the morning.
i'm going to smash them to pieces for sure this time.
no, before that, i'll go to planet namek...
yo, vegeta. i heard you had yourself a rough time of it.
they said that both raditz and nappa died.
to whom do the supposedly invincible saiyans owe the pleasure of this grief?
get lost, kewie. i don't have time to entertain your inconsequential chitchat.
now, just listen.
freeza-sama is cross with you for the actions you guys took without his permission.
he can't complain about it if he's not here.
now,
remove that filthy hand of yours.
still, freeza-sama is a magnanimous gentleman. i hear he's going to forgive you.
that's because you've discovered something wonderful.
what?
he was thrilled when he found out he might be able to gain eternal youth and life.
what did you say?! then, the place that freeza-sama departed for is...?
planet namek.
damn it! he listened in on our conversation over the scouters, huh?
l-i have to beat him to it somehow, or i'll be that bastard's toady forever!
i understand that you wanted those dragon ball things to gain eternal life too,
but you'll have to give that up now.
once freeza-sama has his wish granted, he's planning to exterminate the namekians.
that bastard!
hey! vegeta!
vegeta-sama!
give me that!
it turns out i need it after all!
vegeta!
i won't let you do this! those belong to me!
wh-what are you doing? if you try anything perverted, you're going to answer for it!
we're through playing around now.
playing around?
yeah.
that's right.
sure enough, you guys...
aren't namekians!
that's right!
you're just now realizing it?
what?!
you don't mean...!
l-it can't be...
are you sure you shouldn't be rescuing him?
those are man-eating nautili. he'll be eaten if you leave him there.
gohan!
bulma-san!
what's this? this world isn't planet namek? then, just what is it?
and who is this "freeza" that even vegeta is afraid of?
the situation grows more tense. what fates will everyone meet?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
vegeta, who had recovered his strength surprisingly quickly,
was headed for planet namek to search for the dragon balls.
elsewhere, bulma and the others were held up on a planet namek that was illusionary,
as were, of course, its dragon balls.
will gohan and company be the ones who obtain the true dragon balls?
or will it be vegeta? or perhaps...?
"a tough new enemy! freeza, emperor of the universe."
dammit!
don't worry, you're just entangled in them.
just wait until evening, and you'll get loose all on your own.
who are you guys? is this not planet namek?
it doesn't have any fancy name like that!
this scummy planet is like a big trash heap in space.
it doesn't have any cities, or people, or anything decent to eat or drink.
we were forced down on this planet when we got caught in some cosmic tides.
our spaceship was smashed up, and we were at our wit's end when you folks showed up.
we were going to swipe your spaceship and get out of here right away,
but unfortunately, there is a gigantic cosmic tidal current in the way,
and we couldn't move.
so, you're saying that you were just killing time up to now?
that's right. while you were out, we probed you to find out about earth,
the secret of the dragon balls, and even what namekians looked like.
then, the lake, and the giant, and the ice cave were all...
illusions that we made you see.
wh-what kind of despicable joke is this?!
it was pretty thrilling, wasn't it?
get bent, you bastards!
a-as hectic as things are right now...!
don't be mad. in exchange for taking your spaceship,
we just let you have a bit of a dream, didn't we?
it's better than being killed, right?
yeah, we aren't the barbaric type. we're more gentle.
the cosmic tidal currents move just a little bit each day.
but once in a very rare while, an opening appears in them.
an opening?
yeah. and this fog is our indicator of that.
as long as this fog is out, we can escape.
what are you doing?!
we're going to search for the dragon balls.
we never thought anything in the world could be so amazing.
this time, you guys stay here.
you'll wait until someone else comes down on this planet. later!
j-just a minute!
hey!
bulma-san, what are you doing?! hurry and go after them!
are you saying i should get our stuff back by myself?!
w-well, the way things are...
hey, by the way, you do know how to fly this, don't you?
it's simple. you tell this thing to fly, and it flies, all on its own.
that's amazing.
okay, let's take off! open the door!
hey...
what's the matter?! open the door!
all right! they don't know how to open the door, do they?
how are you coming, gohan? no good!
they're squirming all over, and i'm getting nowhere!
kuririn-san!
d-darn it!
all right, now!
kuririn-san...
all right...
what is this?
if we don't hurry it up, the fog is going to lift!
why didn't you make sure to look into this?
shut up! we just need to bring the girl with us, right?
huh? ah, h-hold on...
we did it!
yahoo!
come on, open it!
we can't afford to dally around! once the opening in the cosmic tidal currents closes,
there's no telling when it will open again!
l-listen, let's all go together, like friends.
you're saying you want to come with us back to our planet? it will take fifty years.
huh? fifty years?!
hurry it up! hurry, or else!
a-all right.
"piccolo."
all right!
so, there's a password, is there?
take care, now. there is food to eat, if you're not too fussy.
like snakes, and lizards.
they can be pretty good, depending on how you cook them.
"piccolo!"
what?!
whew, you're here at last.
i hate snakes.
d-damn it, if that's how it's going to be...
oh, wow, they're weaker than i thought.
you're right.
i told you, we're not barbarians, like you guys are.
oh, no!
the fog is about to lift! we have to hurry, or the tidal opening will close! let's go!
thank you. if it weren't for you,
we wouldn't have known how to get out of here. see you later.
bulma-san, where is the opening in the cosmic tide?
i can see it now. it's where that gas is blowing through.
it's almost closed!
it's all or nothing.
here we go!
we got through!
we've slid in safe!
now, we have to make up for lost time.
destination: planet namek. full speed.
how strong those guys were! they were too much for us.
i wonder when the next one will come down here.
at that moment,
vegeta was hastening along his route toward planet namek from a different direction.
i won't let freeza have it his way any longer.
i will make sure i get the dragon balls, just you watch!
say, goku-sa...
wh-what?
it's been a month already, huh?
y-yeah...
i forgot to give him some nail clippers.
i'd send him some if there were a delivery service.
y-yeah, i guess so. that's too bad, huh?
y-you were standing guard, huh?
thirty-four days after blasting off from earth,
bulma and the others had finally arrived at their destination of planet namek.
we made it! there it is! there it is!
wow, it sure is pretty.
it's the real one this time, right?
no question about it. the computer says that this is the genuine planet namek.
we got here only four days later than we planned.
it's just like those kids said.
it's a good thing we took that shortcut.
everything turned out all right, didn't it?
i guess so. now, we're going to land, so sit down and fasten your seatbelts.
there's going to be quite a jolt.
commence landing in a suitable location.
we did it! we've landed on planet namek!
we're here!
hang on, now. i'll examine the composition of the atmosphere.
i made sure to install some sensors. wasn't that prudent of me?
we'll be lucky enough if there's some level of oxygen here,
but i also prepared some atmospheric masks,
though that will limit our time out there to roughly...
this looks sort of like the place where i trained with piccolo-san.
yeah, where we first fought the saiyans, right?
i suppose a place that was similar to his home would instinctively be more settling.
piccolo-sen...
you guys don't ever learn from your previous lessons, do you?!
how can you just waltz on out here like this?!
you sutq 8t9 as schty as qvqt...
for crying out loud. well, it's okay, as long as there are dragon balls here.
please...
look! i'm reading them!
hooray! now we can finally...
what are you doing?
oh, i was wondering if we weren't being tricked again, so just to make sure...
it's for real, i tell you!
yow! all right!
hooray!
hooray, hooray! hooray, hooray, hooray!
kuririn-san, there's a strong ki coming from over there.
a ki?
you're right.
i'm sensing a lot of them.
yeah, and they're all incredible ki, too.
wh-what does it mean?
oh, come on, what are you talking about? those are the namekians.
with kami-sama and piccolo being as strong as they were,
it's not at all strange that the namekians from their home
would have incredible ki, too.
but still...
those ki do feel a little bit evil, huh?
it's okay, i tell you. kaio-sama said that namekians were gentle by nature, didn't he?
there are four dragon balls gathered together in that direction.
come on, let's go meet the namekians.
oh, yeah. yeah, you're right. they must be namekians.
i shouldn't have gotten so jittery, huh?
h-haven't we seen that someplace before?
it's a saiyan spaceship!
i knew it!
it can't be!
again? are you serious? how?
gohan, mask your presence! we'll be detected!
r-right.
l-it's vegeta. he's the only one it could be.
dammit!
has he already healed?
come to think about it, he knows about the dragon balls, too.
what do we do? it's hopeless. the only thing we can do now is return to earth, right?
isn't that so? let's hurry back.
if that guy gets the dragon balls, it's over.
bulma-san, please contact earth and tell them about this, then go on back by yourself.
me and gohan will stay here and try to collect the dragon balls.
but...
it's okay. we'll have the dragon radar.
isn't that right, gohan?
right.
all right.
once i get back to earth, i'll bring son-kun on board and come back for you.
the round trip will take a little over two months, though. wait for us!
it's okay! two months will pass like that!
i mean, it's only sixty days! 1,440 hours! 86,400 minutes! 5,184,000 seconds!
right?!
r-right. a little more than two months, right?
freeza, you bastard! i won't let you snatch them away from me!
i should be able to handle everyone besides freeza,
but i don't stand a chance of winning if i fight him head-to-head.
whatever happens, i have to get the balls away from him and gain eternal life.
tch! to think i'd be stuck using a scouter again...
this way, huh?
he's brought zarbon and dodoria with him too, has he?
wh-what was that?
s-so now what? mm-hmm... mm-hmm...
right. so tell that to son-kun and the others.
do you read me? just don't tell chichi-san. got that?
right... right... mm-hmm...
i already told you... are you listening to me?
no, tell everyone but chichi! sheesh!
right! got it?! we're counting on you! goodbye!
good grief...
what's the matter, you two?
huh? what?
wh-why is there another one coming?
th-that's what i'd like to know.
here it is, freeza-sama.
oh, very good, very good.
now there are three more, yes?
at last, the evil hidden hand, freeza, appears.
will gohan and kuririn indeed be able to collect the dragon balls?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
i-it's a saiyan spaceship!
it's vegeta. he's the only one it could be.
dammit!
freeza, you bastard! i won't let you snatch them away from me!
what?!
wh-why is there another one coming?
planet namek was everyone's star of hope.
however, now it had been changed into a star of misfortune,
as it swirls with freeza's rapacity.
"vegeta's ambition! i am the greatest warrior in the universe!!"
this is bad... this is definitely bad...
there aren't supposed to be any other saiyans.
wh-who could it be?
now there are three more, yes?
hold them with care, dodoria-san. it appears that vegeta is after them, as well.
freeza-sama, kewie, who is pursuing vegeta, has just landed.
and as for those two large power readings that appeared earlier,
they suddenly disappeared, and remain so.
we are searching the area where the readings were located,
so we should soon discover what their source was.
well, the issue here is the disposal of vegeta, who has defied me.
in that case, you need not worry.
kewie should now be heading after vegeta to deal with him.
those two have always hated each other, and their abilities are roughly the same.
in any event, vegeta is not likely to come away unscathed.
vegeta, you're not getting away from me.
i've found you, vegeta. i'm under orders from freeza-sama!
are you reading me, vegeta?! now i can kill you out in the open!
don't make me laugh, kewie. you think you can kill me?
i'm waiting here for you, so get here fast.
what are you, blind? take a good look at your scouter.
my battle power is clearly higher than yours!
we can't stay here, in any case, can we?
i'll leave the dragon balls up to you.
okay, well, i'm going back to earth, so good luck.
bulma-san, just a minute.
what should we do, gohan?
s-should we go back to earth now, too?
after all, it looks like we've got one more foe now,
and even if we do have the dragon radar...
oh, i mean, i'm fine and all,
but it wouldn't be right if anything were to happen to gohan.
b-but kuririn-san, if we do that, then he'll get the dragon balls.
well, if we yield the dragon balls to him this time,
we could always use them next time.
that would be okay, as long as he doesn't kill shen long, like piccolo did before.
kuririn-san, someone is coming!
l-is it a saiyan?
n-no, it's not vegeta. this ki is weaker.
this should be the area where the readings disappeared.
must be namekians.
who is it?
probably namekians.
th-they're not namekians!
hmm? wh-what is that?
those aren't namekians! who are they?!
that doesn't matter. we were ordered to just kill anyone who was on this planet.
look at what they're wearing!
those are just like what the saiyans were wearing. yet... they're not saiyans.
i haven't a clue what it means, but i've got a bad feeling about this.
r-right... any way you look at them, those are not friendly faces...
gohan, build up your ki while keeping your presence masked.
right.
do you see that? these guys are common trash, with barely any battle power!
they're just tourists.
we won't get to have any fun if they run away.
take care of their spaceship first.
all right.
oh, crap! our spaceship!
these guys are so unlucky to have come here at a time like this.
gohan, release your ki. these guys aren't all that tough!
hey, did you hear that?
not all that tough? does he mean us?
wh-what kind of battle power ratings are these?!
let's do it!
right!
hey, nice, nice!
that was not nice!
what are we going to do about that?
is something the matter, zarbon-san?
yes, freeza-sama. it is about the search that was ordered earlier.
it would seem that they are no ordinary people.
their battle powers rose momentarily,
then once they had defeated our pair of scouts, their readings disappeared again.
ho, that is curious. it does not appear to be vegeta, either.
correct, the readings are different from vegeta.
their battle powers were both around 1,500.
1,500, you say? we could leave them alone, and nothing would come of it,
but their attitude does not seem to be very good, does it?
the next time they are found, eliminate them.
all right, just a little more...
goku-sa...
chichi...
what are you doin'?
oh, you know, i was bored, so...
really... how about you realize somewhat that you were seriously injured?
if you don't lie there quietly, you're goin' to open your wounds up again.
ow! yow-ow-ow-ow! don't be so rough!
yow-ow-ow-ow! that hurts! that hurts!
never mind that, i wonder if gohan-chan is okay.
i hope he's washin' his hair, and usin' that rinse.
his hair is so shiny and all, so he has to look after his cuticles.
is he usin' his hair dryer?
his hair dries out so fast, and he has to take care of it right...
gohan...
it's hopeless! it's all over! we'll never get back to earth now!
uh, bulma-san, for the time being, let's get away from here.
it's dangerous here. someone even stronger might come along.
that's right. those many ki that we sensed weren't namekians,
but appear to be friends of vegeta, so we need to go hide somewhere.
things will work out somehow.
i'm sure the namekians will repair the spaceship for us.
how nice that you can be so optimistic!
bulma-san...
hmph, you're finally here, are you?
you imbecile.
it looks like the time has come
when we can finally settle things between us as fellow rivals, huh?
but it looks like you've let yourself go.
you've got no chance of beating me with that battle power.
fellow rivals, you say?
well, let me show you a little something.
when i was on earth, i learned something interesting from them.
what, how to run away quickly?
how to control my battle power!
h-how to control your battle power?
take a good look at my battle power rating on your scouter!
i-impossible! you and i have always been evenly matched!
you idiot! i have been fighting in actual combat constantly.
the battle on earth was such that it nearly killed me.
did you think i would remain equal with you forever,
as you just sat around in comfort at freeza's place?!
19,000... 20,000... 21,000... 22,000!
what happened, zarbon?
l-i think it was a malfunction,
but the rating on my scouter, which was set on vegeta, had just risen above 22,000...
22,000. you say?
that really was a malfunction. your scouter is an older model, after all.
i'll find out his true rating for you on mine.
what's his rating?
th-this is absurd... could my newer model be malfunctioning, too?
he's gone up to 24,000...
if he's at 24,000... are you saying that his battle power is even higher than ours?
l-it couldn't be. his battle power would just barely reach 18,000.
it is nothing to be surprised about.
vegeta has been fighting on the front lines, you see.
he probably came upon some sort of new skill on earth.
but...
it is only 24,000. if the two of you fight together,
it is a rating that you can sufficiently beat, is it not?
vegeta probably wants to obtain eternal life with the dragon balls,
the same wish that i have.
unless he does so, there is no way that he can prevail against me, you see.
vegeta never has been respectful toward me.
he went to earth without my orders,
and he even appears to be after my position for his own.
though i must say, this is brash of him.
to think that he would come out in open treason against me...
w-wait, vegeta! i just had a great idea! let me work with you. i can lend you a hand.
l-i didn't like freeza-sa... i mean, freeza before this, either.
th-that doesn't sound bad, does it? if you team up with me at that battle power,
i think we could somehow manage zarbon and dodoria.
spout more of your worthless lies, will you? you are one thoroughly disgusting bastard!
it's no lie, i tell you!
believe me, vegeta!
oh! freeza-sama!
what?!
miserable fool!
no matter how much his battle power had risen,
nobody could stand up to being taken unawares by that.
you wish.
what an utterly pathetic strategy, coming from someone like you. i'm astounded.
wh-when did you manage to...?
having an elevated battle power means that my speed has been elevated as well.
in other words, you have now gotten me thoroughly angry.
that was one foul firework.
v-vegeta's 24,000 rating is the real thing, all right.
he did in kewie with no trouble at all.
it is of little import. now, we search for the fifth dragon ball.
thanks to their scouters, they'll know exactly what my actions are.
even if i were careless enough to get too close to them,
i might be able to take zarbon or dodoria,
but there's still no way i can beat freeza.
judging by the transmissions i heard over the scouter between freeza and his men,
these dragon ball things don't work unless you have all seven of them together.
all right, i'll search out just one of them.
once they have gathered the remaining six,
i'll look for an opening and take theirs from them.
if things go right, and i get them all, i'll gain eternal life.
once i do, defeating freeza will no longer be just a dream!
there is a reading of around ten namekians in that direction.
very well.
it would be nice if they had the fifth dragon ball.
please make sure not to let your guard down.
it would seem there are some mysterious others out there, in addition to vegeta.
yes, sir.
now, let us be going.
with him gone, i'll be number one.
the whole universe will be ruled by vegeta-sama the saiyan!
bulma-san, we have to hurry a little bit more,
or they're going to find us out here!
you guys can fly, right? take me with you, and fly.
i wish we could do that, but we're walking to mask our presence.
flying through the air requires a lot of ki, and the enemy will know where we are.
bulma-san, there's a good place. it will be hard to find us in that hole.
h-how long am i going to have to live in a place like that?
kuririn-san...
do you sense any ki over there?
you're right. it feels different from the ki we felt earlier, huh?
it could be the namekians this time.
hide! there's another ki coming this way from that direction!
what is this ki that is coming toward them at top speed? is it vegeta?
or is it freeza and company?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
gohan and the others, seeking a new set of dragon balls,
had at last arrived on planet namek.
however, vegeta had also come to planet namek to look for the dragon balls.
further, the evil wire-puller freeza and his men were also there.
there is a reading of around ten namekians in that direction.
very well.
it would be nice if they had the fifth dragon ball.
let us be going.
the circumstances surrounding the dragon balls had taken a sudden turn.
will gohan and the others be able to get hold of the dragon balls?
"goku's power unleashed!! six days to the far end of the galaxy."
a ki! there's another unknown ki coming this way from over there!
hide! gohan! bulma-san!
wh-what, now?
come on, hurry!
what in the world is it?
i'm always impressed by how you guys know these things.
shh! keep quiet. it's coming this way.
could we have been discovered?
i don't know.
they're here!
th-they're gone.
thank goodness. it looks like those people weren't coming after us, huh?
b-but, what exactly was that about just now?
what's the matter with you guys?
b-bulma-san, could you check something with the dragon radar?
wh-what?
wh-when you examined it before, there were four dragon balls together, right?
what are they doing now?
all right, i'll check.
all four of them are moving. which means...
r-right, no doubt about it. those guys just now had the four dragon balls with them.
l-i knew it.
you don't say.
gohan!
gohan!
yes?
gohan, did you see him? the weird one, flying second from the front?
yes. i sensed an incredible power from him.
the moment i saw him, i froze.
that guy might be even more ridiculously powerful than vegeta.
l-it looked like there were some other amazing guys in there,
but that guy was in a whole different league.
stronger than vegeta? it couldn't be! just who is he?
l-i don't know, but i think he's one of vegeta's pals.
they were all wearing the same kind of outfits.
dammit! how are we supposed to get the dragon balls away from those guys?!
h-hey, look at this.
that group just now is heading toward another dragon ball.
what's going on? do they have radar, too?
what's the location?
about fourteen kilometers in that direction.
that's where we sensed that ki kuririn-san said could be namekians!
i'm going to go over there and see what's going on.
i'm going with you!
j-just a minute, now!
are you planning on leaving me here all by myself?!
it's a lot safer staying here than moving around carelessly.
wh-when you put it that way, you're right.
okay then, i'll put up a house with my capsules inside this cave and wait for you.
okay, please do.
come back soon, okay?
remember, gohan, keep your ki as suppressed as you can, but hurry.
you can do that, right?
yes.
all right!
they're gone. i wonder if they'll really be okay.
oh, that's right! i need to contact earth!
oh, okay, okay, okay...
hello? oh, bulma... yeah, i was just heading to the hospital...
what?
doctor, can't i have your permission to train yet?
are you still goin' on about that?!
i told you, bed rest is the best thing for you right now.
if i don't start training soon, my body is going to go soft.
how are you doing, goku?
old timer!
oh, doctor, hello there. uh, is chichi around, too?
does me bein' here make things inconvenient for you?
oh, no, no, no, i wouldn't say that...
i'm goin' to go do some laundry.
ah, thank goodness.
as it happens, i just received a message from bulma and the others.
not again!
oh, my, no, what a naughty hand! sorry 'bout that.
so, are gohan and them okay?
ah, they did indeed arrive on planet namek safely. however,
gohan and the others weren't the only ones who went to planet namek.
that saiyan, vegeta, has gone there, too.
vegeta?! he's there?!
that's not all. in addition to vegeta,
there are dozens of his buddies there on planet namek.
those guys wrecked the spaceship they went there in,
so they can't get back to earth.
wh-what?!
what's more, at least one of them has a ki that's even greater than vegeta's.
that can't be... someone with a ki even greater than vegeta?
hey, you still alive?
what's this? after i went to all the trouble of comin' here,
ya don't look to happy to see me.
the senzu beans're finally ready. there's just a few of 'em, though.
but karin-sama said to take all seven of 'em.
wow, all right! that's what you call good timing! hurry and let me have one!
n-now look, you, you can't go giving strange foods to patients!
here ya go.
i've been waiting for this moment!
here it is, here it is. kaio-sama sent this new gi to me for just this day.
all right! i'm off to planet namek!
oh, thanks. i'm taking the rest of the senzu with me.
h-how are you planning to get to planet namek?
when bulma's daddy came to visit me here earlier,
i asked him to make me a spaceship, just in case.
a spaceship? you mean like kami-sama's?
that one was made from stuff that ain't found on earth,
so even bulma's daddy said he couldn't do that.
well, then ?
when i thought hard about it,
i realized there were still two saiyan spaceships here on earth.
the spaceship that my brother came here in,
and the spaceship that i myself came to earth in as a kid.
th-that's right!
i had bulma's daddy go looking for them, and while my brother's was blown up,
mine was from long ago, so it was still all right.
i'm having him repair and rebuild it.
kinto un!
okay, i'll be back later.
um...
i'm off to bulma's house!
ah! goku-sa!
hey! where are you goin'?!
goku-sa!
so, where's he going?
hmm, well, as it turns out...
with things's bad as you're saying they are, what's that guy so happy for?
i guess it has to be his saiyan blood. of course, he wants to save everyone,
but more than anything, he seems thrilled to be able to fight someone so strong.
that guy sure ain't normal, all right. i can't take being around him.
idiot. it's obvious he's got zero chance of winning.
i can't believe it. how could there be anyone even more incredible than vegeta?
gohan, your ki is a little too strong. suppress it a little more.
right.
huh?
goku-chan!
ah, bulma's mommy.
oh, my, are you all better now?
as fit as you see me.
by the way, is the reconstruction on the spaceship that i asked for finished?
well, i'm not sure. it looked like he was still working on something.
he ain't done yet? that's a problem...
it's in the inner yard. let's go there.
you know, i never thought that little goku-chan would grow up to be so handsome.
say, let's date sometime, okay, okay?
l-i have to beat that saiyan before i can do that...
you're so busy, aren't you?
oh, right, i discovered this terribly delicious cake shop not long ago,
and it's all thanks to you, goku-chan.
if the earth had been lost, i wouldn't have been able to eat any of it. thank goodness for that.
i guess so.
dear, goku-chan is here!
l-is this...
my spaceship?
it's huge!
oh, goku, you're better already?
yeah, thanks to a senzu. this is mine, right?
is it true it ain't finished yet?
yeah, there's still a little bit left on it. well, come on in and see.
okay, i'll go get us something to drink.
thanks.
this is incredible! i'm surprised that teeny spaceship has become this.
nothing to it. everything is as you ordered.
i can train just fine like this.
i took great pains. it was hard to find your spaceship.
it was broken into little pieces, you know.
still, lucky for us,
the important parts were left intact, but i had to rebuild most of it.
my spaceship was in pieces?!
that's strange. i wonder if i busted it when i was a kid.
you know, this saiyan science is absolutely amazing.
huh? um, where is the artificial gravity device thing?
oh, this is it over here.
wow, this thing, huh?
let's see, this is the switch.
this is the controller.
as you ordered, it can generate at most 100 gs worth of gravity,
but even for you, isn't that a bit reckless?
at 100 gs, after all, if you weigh 60 kilos, that will become 6,000 kilos.
that's six tons. ordinarily, that would kill you.
that's okay. if i don't train someplace like that,
i won't be able to beat that saiyan.
so, can't this thing fly yet?
it can fly anywhere you want to. even to the ends of the universe.
huh? then...
uh, the bathroom, kitchen and bedroom are down that ladder...
say, then what still ain't done yet?
i can't quite settle on the placement for the stereo speakers.
as long as you're listening to it, you want it to sound good, don't you?
th-that's all?! when you say it ain't finished, is that all you mean?!
"is that all?"
when you consider reverberations and everything, it's quite difficult.
l-i don't care where the stereo is placed! i'm in a hurry here! i'll leave right now!
what are you in such a rush for?
we got a message from bulma, and anyhow, i just have to hurry!
tell me how to make this thing fly, quickly!
all right. now, you're sure about the placement of the stereo?
uh-huh!
the data has all been input. all you have to do is give the switch a little boi-oing,
and six days later, you will arrive on planet namek.
six days? i can get there in just six days? that's awesome!
is it true that goku is here?!
yes. he's looking at the spaceship in the inner yard right now.
huh?
let's see... after that comes this button, right?
ho, for as hurriedly as i put that together...
it actually flew.
huh? where's goku?
he left in a hurry.
i wonder if he's really okay with the stereo...
close... we're close. cut your ki completely. let's walk our way in.
right.
they're on the other side of that bluff.
what an incredible ki!
this is bad! we've come up right in front of them!
let's move around to the other side.
right.
those houses are just like the spaceship that we came here in.
what are they doing? those other guys aside,
those three... especially the one in the middle, riding in that round vehicle...
each have a terrifyingly strong ki.
i can tell.
look at what the two guys on either side have in their hands!
they're dragon balls!
h-huge dragon balls...
ls something the matter, dodoria-san?
no, there was just a slight power reading coming from that cliff.
it is gone now, though. it must have been a small animal or insect.
y-yikes, yikes! they very nearly spotted us!
freeza-sama, we have only found five of them.
the remaining others appear to be out at the moment.
get out here, now, unless you want to die!
he looks just like piccolo-sen!
th-they're namekians!
wow, this certainly is fast.
outer space sure is dark, huh? or maybe it's just nighttime out here right now.
well, never mind. i've got to start training right away.
i'm glad it's only going to take six days to get there,
but i've got to surpass that vegeta guy before then, too.
let's see, as i remember,
kaio-sama said that his world had ten-times gravity, didn't he?
for the time being, i guess i should get used to around twenty-times.
it's working, all right!
at last, goku had blasted off into space.
however, the dragon balls were falling into freeza's hands, one after the next.
is goku's power about to be unleashed?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
six days? i can get there in just six days?
son goku had finally blasted off into space for planet namek.
however, at the same time, on namek...
d-dragon balls!
having at last found the namekians, as well as the dragon balls,
they had already fallen into enemy hands.
"surprise attack!! the elder's target was the scouters."
come on! unless you want to die, get moving!
i told you to step forward further!
hey, hey. snap to it!
what are they planning to do with the namekians?
k-kuririn-san, are those all saiyans?
no, they're not. they're wearing the same battle dress, but they're not saiyans.
besides, vegeta is supposed to be the only remaining saiyan.
not including goku or yourself.
th-then...
come to think of it, there was that guy who said he was goku's brother.
our task is to go through space, searching for planets with good environments,
and once we've exterminated those who already live there,
we sell them for a high price to aliens who are looking for a suitable planet.
it could be that these guys are in league with them.
though if so, i don't see vegeta around.
is he off somewhere else, looking for dragon balls?
my name is freeza, and as you can see, lam gathering your so-called dragon balls.
incidentally, where are the others? according to our survey,
there are supposed to be ten of you here.
you intend not to say anything, do you?
i will kill you.
6,588...
6,590... whew... zo-times gravity sure is tough...
but i have to thoroughly retrain myself, starting from the fundamentals...
or i won't be able to bear multiple kaio-ken levels...
now, i shall have your answer, please.
not in namekian. speak to us in a language that we can all understand.
we know that you are able to speak it.
th-the others are out working the fields.
only those of us who are elderly or children remain here.
there you go. as long as you answer me honestly like that,
i will not do anything to you.
now then, i will continue to have you answer me, please.
where is your dragon ball?
i believe there is another one here.
l-i don't know. we don't have anything like that.
dodoria-san?
sir?
as i recall, the second namekian that we killed
said something quite interesting, yes?
yes. "we can only turn over the dragon balls to those who we judge to be men of valor."
yes, yes. he was a very stubborn man, too.
i simply could not get him to cooperate with me...
but then i killed one of them, to serve as a lesson to him.
what?!
once i did, i got him to say all sorts of things.
the seven dragon balls were created by the grand elder of this world.
each of them is in the custody of one of seven elders.
each one is to engage in a contest of wits, a contest of strength,
and to ask the reason for one's wish.
and once each elder judges you to be a man of valor,
you are at last able to obtain their dragon ball, or so he told me.
well, i attempted to do as i was instructed,
but he told me that he was absolutely unwilling to turn his over to me.
i could not help but kill him.
h-how could you do that?!
and so, it took some effort to find the first ball.
the next three were easy. everyone was very accommodating.
i see. so that's it, huh?
a-accommodating, you say?
you are lying!
th-that's right! there's no way the other elders would obligingly
hand over their dragon balls to you!
oh, no, they became quite accommodating once we did this.
zarbon-san, please show them.
yes, sir.
why, you! no, don't!
h-how could they do that?!
that was awful!
gohan, control your ki, or they'll find us.
but i can't take this!
still, you want to bring piccolo and everyone else back to life, right?
that's not the sort of opponent that we can stand up against.
if we come forward now, we'd just die for nothing.
darn it!
and here, after we've come all the way to planet namek...
how about it? are you feeling a little more accommodating?
what is your purpose in gathering the dragon balls?
oh, it is just a trivial little wish. i would like to obtain eternal life.
what?! then, he and vegeta are both after eternal life?
maybe they aren't friends with vegeta, then.
i don't know.
i would not turn over the dragon ball to the likes of you, even if it meant my own death!
so you mean that you would choose death over handing it over to me?
i see. the people of this planet do seem to be quite stubborn.
however...
will you still be so stubborn after the deaths of those children?
wh-what?!
you would even kill children?!
oh, no! hide!
there's a strong battle power...
freeza-sama, over there.
oh, you've come for us?
namekians!
they've come to save them!
damn! then our bad feeling turned out to be true!
this is trouble. here i was, just about to have the dragon ball brought out to me,
when you interrupt your work...
just to come here to be killed.
i see now. so the rumors about someone attacking the villages
and taking the dragon balls are true, are they?
you're going to pay for this! trample on the peace of namek, will you?!
be careful fighting them! these guys are quite strong!
good luck!
oh, you plan to fight, do you? i wonder how much battle power they have.
dodoria-san?
yes sir, i will check.
please do not be discouraged, sir. all three are around 1,000.
we will not even be needed to fight them.
so that's it. i get it.
so that's how they can pinpoint the few small villages
that dot the vast surface of namek.
it's because they can search for us with those devices.
9,998...
9,999...
10,000...
i'm so hungry...
vegeta, and someone even more incredible than him, are up ahead...
all right!
this is laughable! you want to tangle with us with a battle power of 1,000?!
not true. those three are just suppressing their ki. don't they even know that?
the saiyans were surprised about that, too, huh?
get them!
what is this? you call that a battle power of 1,000?
what's going on here? all three of them have increased to 3,000.
way to go! awesome!
hang in there!
oh, my, they fight pretty well, do they not?
i've got it. the namekians are a race that can control their battle powers.
that's not a type you see very often.
way to go! hang in there! go on! go on! let them have it!
all right, including his, there are only three devices that have not been destroyed.
children, stand back from me.
quickly!
dodoria-san...
yes, sir.
those guys are pathetic.
now i have to be put out.
may i take care of all three of them?
feel free.
y-you bastard, you think you can defeat me with such a puny technique?
elder!
no! he was targeting the scouters!
scouters?
those devices that can tell your opponent's strength and location!
so that's it! then they can't tell precisely where the dragon balls are, after all!
using those scouter things, they just searched out namekians, then forced them out of them!
that old man knew that, so that's why he destroyed all of their scouters!
why, you...!
l-i'll kill you all...
i'll kill you all!
i'll kill each and every one of you!
elder! look out!
the elder had made a quick-witted attack. however, it has set the enemy's fury ablaze.
can gohan and kuririn do nothing but watch on?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
may i take care of all three of them?
feel free.
no! he was targeting the scouters!
scouters?
those devices that can tell your opponent's strength and location!
so that's it! then they can't tell precisely where the dragon balls are, after all!
using those scouter things,
they just searched out namekians, then forced them out of them!
that old man knew that, so that's why he destroyed all of their scouters!
the elder launched a surprise attack.
however, this has immediately set fire to freeza and company's ferocity.
i'll kill you all!
i'll kill each and every one of you!
"gohan in peril! a pursuing dodoria summons death."
elder!
dodoria-san! wait!
begin by killing these three younger ones!
dammit!
i'll dispose of all three of you within ten seconds.
don't be ridiculous! you think you're a match for all three of us?!
huh? do i think i'm a match for you? what an amusing joke.
what?!
come on!
what?!
it's hopeless! he can't defeat that guy with that kind of attack!
you now understand that it is useless to try to defy us or run away, i trust.
in any case, come back down here, please.
so you have finally grown cooperative, i see. that will do.
you have destroyed my precious scouters.
may i have you produce your dragon ball, by way of apology?
i have no choice. but promise me that no matter what,
you will not lay a hand on the children!
yes, yes, we ought to have done it this way right from the beginning.
wh-what monsters these guys are! how awful!
why, those...!
h-hey, gohan! don't go getting any funny ideas.
th-there's simply no way we can stand up to those guys, okay?
yow-ow-ow... with twenty times the gravity, you get twenty times the pain!
now, take this, and get out of here at once.
well done.
while i am at it, let me also have you tell me the locations
of the two remaining dragon balls.
don't be ridiculous!
we namekians don't sell each other out, even if it means our own lives!
now, we had an agreement! leave here at once!
oh dear, not you, too.
there is absolutely no one on this planet who will speak about their friends.
i guess i will have to have you die... along with the children!
wh-what did you say?! why, you...!
elder! elder!
this isn't what we agreed to!
you promised you wouldn't do anything else if i handed over the dragon ball!
but unless i have all seven dragon balls, it is meaningless, correct?
you have destroyed our scouters, so we will need to have you tell us
where the remaining two are.
i told you, i'll tell you about the others over my dead body!
is that how badly you want to die? in that case, i will do as you wish.
what?!
freeza-sama, will we possibly be able to search for the dragon balls without scouters?
kill all three of them.
yes, sir.
th-that's dirty!
you guys run! run away!
right!
i'll show you the pride of the namekian people!
c-ca rgot!
control yourself, gohan!
control yourself. there's nothing we can do! hey!
cargot! cargot! cargot!
you didn't even have a chance to show us this "pride" of yours, huh?
it won't even be any fun to smash a little kid like this.
well, all the same, die!
stop!
gohan!
what? your buddies? where?
does that teach you?
wh-who the hell are you?!
that idiot!
i am going to take you down!
what did you say?
kuririn-san!
you dumb-ass! run! hurry!
hurry!
right!
they do not appear to be namekians, do they?
no, sir.
damn it!
after them! dodoria-san, catch them!
gohan, fly as fast as you can! if he catches us, we're finished!
right!
fools! do you think you can escape?
it's no good! he's faster than us! he'll overtake us!
they are quite fast, aren't they, freeza-sama?
they also seem to have more battle power than the namekians.
who in the world could they be?
in the way, to be sure. that mountain is in the way, you see?
now our visibility has become much clearer, has it not?
huh?
gohan!
oh, crap!
damn!
dammit, let go of me! let go of me, you!
i'm not going to make it in time!
gohan! get out of here! hurry! he's coming!
damn, these sure are nimble little guys!
kuririn-san, let's land and fight him!
we can't! he isn't the sort of foe we can do anything against by fighting!
just fly as hard as you can!
damn, if this keeps up, we've had it! i've got to do something!
that's it! gohan!
gohan, from here on, don't look in my direction! close your eyes!
i have an idea. got that?!
right!
take this!
taiyo-ken'.!
my eyes! my eyes!
my eyes!
i did it! it worked!
why, you...! my eyes!
gohan! hide now, while we can!
right!
wh-why, you rotten...!
wh-where did you go, dammit?!
where are you?! where the hell did you go?!
come on out, dammit!
wh-what did you do, kuririn-san?
oh, i just blinded him a little bit.
it's okay. he doesn't have his scouter anymore, after all.
however, will they indeed be able to escape the hands of this brutal pursuer?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
stop!
gohan's furious power had erupted over the vicious methods of freeza and his men.
you dumb-ass! run! hurry!
dodoria-san, catch them.
take this!
taiyo-ken!
m-my eyes!
will kuririn and the others be successful in getting out of this pinch?
"dodoria dies by explosion! vegeta's fearsome shockwave."
why, you...!
where did you go, dammit?!
damn you...
where are you?! come on out!
damn...
it's okay. there's no way he'll find us.
having that old timer destroy those scouter things really did save us.
if he still had one, he'd be able to locate even that little kid's ki, after all.
damn. how am i supposed to find those tiny little guys?! this is infuriating!
thank goodness. he's giving up and going back.
i'll blow them away!
see you in hell!
take that. that's what you get for giving me a hard time.
freeza-sama told me to bring them back,
but i guess this is better than letting them get away.
still, i never did find out who those little brats really were.
they weren't any ordinary folks. but i suppose it doesn't make any difference now.
we' re saved!
for now, let's get back to where bulma-san is, okay?
are you able to fly?
yes.
th-thank you for saving me.
say your thanks to gohan here.
i was so fazed that i didn't even want to try saving you.
but if you hadn't helped, kuririn-san, both of us would be dead.
well, at any rate, come along with us.
it's not like there's anything shady about us.
okay -
there are dragon balls here, but there are these strange guys gathering them all up,
"occupied by bulma-chan! do not open! do not touch!"
and if they make off with all of them like this,
then it doesn't make any sense why a delicate young lady like myself...
has risked all of this danger to come to this planet, does it? am i right?
hey, are you listening to me, dad?!
yeah, i'm listening to every word. so, what's the matter?
it's just that this whole situation is just in the worst state it could be in.
our spaceship was wrecked by these weirdos, so there's no way we can come back home.
you're coming back home?
well, isn't that going to cause trouble?
i mean, goku has just barely left to head there.
won't it be a shame if you two miss each other?
son-kun? son-kun is coming here to planet namek?
really, really, really he is?
yeah, that's right. according to schedule, he should get there in six days.
hooray!
but there is one thing that has me concerned...
huh? what?
he took off without having the speakers installed.
does goku not listen to music and such?
i've been training too seriously, and now i'm hungry!
aw, is this all there is?
just this much ain't going to be enough.
ah, i'm full, i'm full!
oh, whoops. the gravity device is still turned on.
still, without scouters, it's going to be a pain looking for the last two dragon balls.
well, this isn't all that large a planet.
v-vegeta! why, you...!
yo, it's been quite a long while, huh, dodoria-san?
you're the one who hit me when i wasn't looking, aren't you, vegeta?!
you and zarbon are always palling around with freeza, after all.
i've been waiting until you were all on your own.
i should be able to take you, as long as freeza isn't around, you see.
what? a saiyan like you?! you've got some nerve saying that, don't you?!
vegeta, hand over that scouter to me quietly, and get lost.
if you do so, i'll let you slide this one time.
you will? i thought something had happened when the sound suddenly cut out.
it looks like you guys have lost all your scouters, all right.
this is great. now you won't be able to tell when i come up to you guys.
what did you say?!
it will take several days for you to go get more scouters from planet freeza.
i'll bet you want this.
you've decided to hand it over, huh?
it's about time you realized the terror of your situation.
now, if you're lucky, you just might at least have your life spared.
h-how could you do that, vegeta?!
why the hell did you break it?!
i didn't have any further need of it.
wh-what? without that thing,
you can't tell where freeza-sama or the namekians are, either!
sorry to disappoint you, but when i was fighting the earthlings,
i found out that they could determine
an opponent's strength and location without a scouter.
also, there was a saiyan, like myself, there on earth, who had this ability.
which meant that i should be able to do it as well.
once you learn how to do it, it's easy.
but then, for those like yourselves or freeza,
who only set their sights on power, it would be impossible.
although, up until now, i was the same way.
i see now. those runts i was chasing earlier were earthlings, weren't they?!
earthlings, you say?
you joined forces with the earthlings, didn't you?!
what kind of nonsense is that?
there's no way that earthlings could come all the way here.
and if they were here, the first thing i would do is go dispose of them.
none of that makes any difference! you just get out of here!
unless you want to get killed, that is!
i'm offering to let you go. you should be grateful!
what are you so frightened for? why don't you come at me, already?
i know why you don't.
you found out during my fight with kewie that i've become far stronger than before,
and you're afraid of me!
what happened, zarbon?
l-i think it was a malfunction,
but the rating on my scouter, which was set on vegeta, had just risen above 22,000...
what? 22,000, you say? that has to be a malfunction, you fool.
you saw it on your scouter, right?
my battle power?
th-that rating was wrong! a malfunction in the scouter!
don't you belittle me!
you're the one who's belittling me.
there's no way that technique is going to work on me, you know!
we saiyans grow stronger every time we fight.
the stronger my opponent is, the more my own strength increases,
so after nearly dying on earth, i have powered up considerably.
such is the warrior race, the saiyans.
this is what happens to you for letting that power you're so proud of go neglected.
die, and come back next time as a harder worker!
wait, vegeta! if you let me go now, i'll let you in on a secret!
l-it's about your world, planet vegeta!
what?
did you say planet vegeta? what secret is there about planet vegeta?!
let go! let go of me, and i'll tell you!
y-you're not planning to kill me right after i tell you, are you?
if you don't tell me, i'll kill you right now! start talking!
y-you saiyans' planet vegeta
wasn't wiped out when a giant meteor struck it, like freeza-sama said.
what?!
individually, the saiyans' powers were a far cry from freeza-sama's,
but if a large number of saiyans were to unite together,
it would become fairly troublesome.
what's more, there were small groups of saiyans being born, like yourself,
who were outstanding warriors, and their numbers were increasing.
figuring that once you started having such extraordinary power,
you weren't the sort of race that would just go on obediently following orders forever,
so freeza-sama decided that it was necessary to take measures as of right then.
and so...
and so, freeza-sama himself obliterated planet vegeta, along with all the saiyans.
however, vegeta, you should be grateful to freeza-sama.
he thought he could use the prodigious talents of you, the prince of planet vegeta,
so freeza-sama went to the trouble of going after the planet when you were not on it.
looks like this comes as a great shock, all right.
i'm going to use the chance it gives me to return to freeza-sama.
don't misunderstand, dodoria.
i don't care about the planet, or my pals, or my parents.
i'm just furious at myself for not knowing this,
and allowing myself to be used according to your whims ever since i was a kid!
freeza-sama!
freeza fears the bottomless potential of the saiyans.
i've got to hurry and conquer this twenty-times gravity quickly.
okay... guess i'll get started.
one... two... one... two... one... two... one... two...
goku is full of energy.
vegeta keeps on gaining more power.
the time when these two will once again clash is near.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the dragon balls were falling into the brutal hands of freeza and his men.
instinctively jumping into the fray, gohan rescued the namekian child.
gohan was in jeopardy as dodoria followed in hot pursuit.
however, vegeta then appeared before him.
we saiyans grow stronger every time we fight.
and goku continued his intensive training inside his spaceship
as it headed toward planet namek.
"escape from a burning planet!! a life-or-death kamehame-ha."
i shot down dodoria!
i easily beat dodoria, who took such pride in his own power!
even i'm surprised by how much i've improved.
it truly seems that my battle on earth was not in vain.
be that as it may, dodoria did say something curious...
i see now. those runts i was chasing earlier were earthlings, weren't they?!
i do indeed sense two large powers getting farther away.
of course they couldn't be earthlings, but it's still disturbing.
maybe i should go look into it, just to see.
whatever the case, i have to get rid of even the small fries that stand in my way.
the cave that bulma-san is hiding in is right over there.
for this being a planet you've never been to before, i'm surprised you remember so well.
what's that?! something is coming! it's incredibly fast!
hide! quickly!
right!
we'll be found if we stay here, won't we?
never mind, just hurry up and suppress your ki!
all we can do now is leave our fate up to heaven.
will it be someone like that monster from earlier?
dammit, how did they know where we were?
both of the power readings have disappeared. what's going on?
over in that area, all of a sudden...
k-kuririn-san! o-over there!
v-vegeta! th-then he is on this planet, after all!
how can he be here?! this is the absolute worst thing that could happen!
he's still looking.
he wasn't wearing one of those scouter devices.
and yet, how is it that he can tell where we are?
d-don't tell me he has the ability to sense ki!
if that's the case, then this is bad.
we might be able to extinguish our ki, but this kid still has a faint one.
damn. was i mistaken?
is it because i'm not yet used to using this power sensing technique?
maybe i shouldn't have destroyed that scouter.
i'm sensing a small power.
it's no mistake this time. let's check it out.
he's coming this way!
it's hopeless! he's going to find us!
it's near that rock over there.
at this point, all we can do is fight.
even though we know we'll get killed.
let's go!
right!
now!
tch! it was a fish?
oh, well. right now, the first order of business is to get the two...
no, even just one of the remaining dragon balls.
once i've hidden it,
freeza and the others will no longer be able to get all seven together.
then i'll find the chance to take the five that freeza and company have away from them.
their having lost their scouters means
that luck has shifted in vegeta-sama's favor!
w-we' re saved!
i thought it was completely hopeless there.
lucky for us, huh? we have that guy in the water to thank.
anyhow, let's get back to where bulma-san is,
while keeping our presence as masked as we can.
you said it was right close by, right?
yes.
we didn't even fight, and i'm already exhausted. i'd like to get some rest.
i, uh...
to be honest, i'm starting to think we shouldn't have come to this planet.
it might not be fair to the late yamucha-san and the others,
but far from bringing everyone back to life,
it looks like we're just going to be adding to the deceased.
you mean, us?
look! kuririn-san, over there!
yeah, right, right.
bulma-san!
huh? she's not here.
i'm sure she's hiding deeper inside the cave.
bulma-san!
it's us! where are you?! bulma-san!
a capsule house!
what were you guys taking it so easy for?!
while leaving a young girl like me alone in a place like this?!
taking it easy, she says...
wh-what's with the small-size piccolo-looking kid there?
by any chance, is that a namekian?
it's okay.
has something happened?
for now, just let us in, please. we'll fill you in on the details.
oh, right!
i just got some delightful news from my dad!
he said that son-kun had blasted off for planet namek here!
and that he would arrive in just six days!
you see, apparently, my dad rebuilt the saiyan spaceship
that son-kun came in as a baby!
what's more, he said that son-kun was doing some incredible training inside it
along the way.
f-father?
yahoo!
yay! hooray! hooray!
incredible training along the way?
all right! all right! we've found some hope!
next up, i'll do this for thirty minutes!
huh? is it already time for the next item on the schedule?
that's strange...
what's going on here?
wh-what's that?
goku, can you hear me?
ah, it's bulma's daddy! what on earth is going on?
part of the exterior of the spaceship has been damaged.
a meteor or something must have hit it.
if you keep going like this, you'll slip off course.
wh-what's going to happen?!
you won't be able to go to planet namek. you'll become lost in space.
i can't have that!
go outside and repair it.
repair it?!
mm-hmm, it will be easy.
inside the repair box, there should be some material and a powerful adhesive.
wow, so this is space, huh?
goku, don't panic. you've got a lifeline, don't you?
that's right. i just have to reel myself in, huh?
you know, this speed is amazing.
yikes, i'd better hurry.
oh, that gave me a start.
goku, the soles of your boots are magnets, so you can stand up and walk around.
oh, yeah?
ha-ha, it's true!
this is terrific!
oh, that must be it.
all right, there it is.
let's see... this is the glue, huh?
let's see, the course deviation caused by that damage is...
oh, what's this?!
all right, that does it. it was easier than i thought.
goku, this is bad! you have to make a course correction right now!
goku, your position right now is at su-83 by 643-xy.
if you keep going the way you are,
you're going to collide with the star alpha hz at 653-xy.
i can't understand anything as complicated as that! what should i do?!
oh, just do as i instruct you to, and it will be easy.
hurry and get back inside the spaceship.
all right, you got it.
huh?
i'm stuck here. come on, now!
this is bad. i can't get loose.
all right, one more time...
goku, what are you doing? there's no time!
that's easy for you to say,
but my feet got stuck with the glue, and i can't get free!
what did you say?!
what do i do?!
tell me!
g-goku!
goku-san!
i don't want to die out here!
all right, all i can do now is count on this...
ka... me...
ha... me...
n-ha!
whew! this is incredible power!
i get it, this is the result of the twenty g training!
he did it! he did it!
l-it's no use!
goku-san!
all right, i'm sure of myself now. this time, full power!
ka... me...
ha... me...
n-ha!
he did it! he did it! he did it!
that much force from twenty gs.
if i raise the gs even more, i'll become even stronger!
i feel it! larger-size powers! they number about twenty.
no question about it, it's a namekian village.
they probably have one of the dragon balls.
freeza and his men don't have scouters!
no matter what action i may take now, they won't know about it!
sure enough. and since the villagers are still alive,
that proves that freeza and the others haven't been here yet!
wh-what's this?
it's an alien!
is the one called elder here? i've come to take your dragon ball off your hands.
wh-what?
i am the elder. would you tell me why you want the dragon balls?
never mind, just hand it over quickly. you have it, don't you?
leave us. i cannot allow you to have it. i can sense evil in you.
then die.
bang!
elder!
planet namek was in the worst of circumstances.
at length, vegeta had also set out in search of the dragon balls.
is their only hope to await the arrival of goku?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
on his way to planet namek, son goku had fallen into some unexpected trouble.
but the results of his gravity training had already emerged,
and he was able to safely escape the danger.
at that same time, on planet namek, vegeta, who had just defeated dodoria,
had done an end run around freeza, setting out to search for the dragon balls himself.
"courage times one hundred! the warriors gathered under kaio."
oh, is that so? so that's what happened, huh?
mm-hmm. i really thought we were done for.
you should eat something. it may not be that good, but feel free to help yourself.
what was that?
you're complaining about the food that i made, after all you've eaten?!
eh?!
n-no, i-l would never...!
i meant that it may not be that good, but it's still delicious.
i don't blame him. just about everyone from his village has been killed, right?
oh, right. this isn't the right time for a meal, huh?
we don't eat things like this. we just need to drink water.
no way! there were fields at your village
where you were raising vegetables or something, weren't there?
those were ajissa seedlings.
ajissa seedlings?
yes. long ago, before the abnormal weather occurred,
namek was said to be a beautiful world, rich with ajissa trees.
however...
the ajissa forests and most of the namekians died out.
so now, we're trying to make namek beautiful again by growing more ajissa trees.
and after we'd finally raised some ajissa seedlings...
we got him!
why, you...!
say, what is your name?
dende. uh, who exactly are you people?
kuririn-san, is that...?
what's gotten into you all of a sudden? is someone else coming?
n-no, it's not that.
the ki are dropping, one after another.
th-the namekians are being killed once again.
th-the one killing them is someone we know very well! it's vegeta!
he's attacking a different village!
wh-what a horrible bunch these guys are!
v-vegeta has acquired the technique for sensing ki, all right.
this is going to be trouble.
now we'll have to be wary about moving around until goku gets here.
i'm not sure whether vegeta and that freeza bastard are on the same side or not,
but if either one of them gains eternal life with the dragon balls,
it will be the end of the world.
if we are able to find and hide even one of the dragon balls,
they won't be able to get all seven together.
w-we can't! if we were to do that,
then they would keep searching until they had killed all of the namekians!
o-oh, no...
it's appalling, no matter which way it turns out.
a-and even once goku gets here, there's no guarantee that he can beat them.
damn!
if only i had finished vegeta off back then!
please tell me about yourselves.
wh-where have you come from? how do you know about the dragon balls?
p-please save everyone else on the planet!
wh-why, you...! how could you do this?!
no matter what happens, you have no intention of handing over the dragon ball, do you?
l-i'm not about to hand it over to the likes of you!
you are one interminably stubborn old geezer.
well, fine, suit yourself. i'll look for it myself.
wait!
you are getting on my nerves.
here i thought it was going to be hidden, but there it is, on regal display.
now then, for this thing...
if i submerge the dragon ball here, no one will be able to find it.
i'm the only one who knows about it.
freeza and his men have five of the dragon balls.
i guess i'll search for the last one.
dodoria is taking far too much time, isn't he?
could he still be chasing after those odd pipsqueaks?
never mind him. if that fool cannot catch those kids, then let him be.
more importantly, go and search for the remaining two dragon balls.
yes, sir, understood.
if we search the remaining villages, they are sure to have the dragon balls.
with the two of us searching, we should be able to find a village, at least.
well, i will take these five dragon balls and wait for you at the spaceship.
i am counting on you.
with just two more of them, i will be able to have my wish granted, after all.
yes, sir.
you search over there. if you find a village, do nothing, and come inform me.
if there are any strong namekians there, they would probably be too much for you.
yes, sir.
for now, we will meet back at the spaceship in three hours.
yes, sir!
it is possible that vegeta may have already found the remaining pair.
and if he has, he ought to be coming for our dragon balls.
as such, he may be saving me the trouble of searching for them.
when vegeta comes to get ours, i will kill him, and take his two from him.
then i will have all seven of them.
is that how i am to be endowed with eternal life?
now then, to wait leisurely at the spaceship.
right, this kami-sama person was a namekian who had made his way to earth.
we want to use the dragon balls here to bring our dead friends back to life.
if things go right when our wish is granted,
the dragon balls on earth will be revived as well.
s-so that's why you're here, is it? i've finally unraveled the mystery about you.
i'm begging you, please come with me!
i will show you where the grand elder is!
grand elder?
who is this grand elder?
the one who gave birth to all of us here on namek.
the only one who survived the abnormal weather long ago,
and once again brought life to namek.
i am grand elder's 108th child.
the only one? how do you guys have children?
how, you ask? we spawn eggs out through our mouths.
o-oh, yeah? th-that's unusual, huh?
then, this grand elder person is a woman, right?
woman? what's a woman?
wh-what's a woman? there are two kinds of namekians, right? male and female.
let's see... f-for example, you have a father and a mother...
huh? two kinds? w-well, um...
did you hear that? they don't have male and female. what a dull planet, huh?
thank goodness i'm not a namekian.
n-never mind that, tell me why we're going to this grand elder.
th-the ones who attacked our village already had four dragon balls.
a-and you just said
there were a lot of people being killed in that direction, right?
y-yeah, probably by someone named vegeta.
th-there isn't a single ki left anymore.
they were probably all wiped out.
if that's the case, then there are hardly any namekians left on this world.
i see. assuming that vegeta found the dragon ball from the village he attacked,
then there's only one left.
by any chance, does the grand elder have that last dragon ball?
y-yes.
oh, no!
those freeza guys may have lost their scouters,
but vegeta has gained the ability to sense ki.
if he searches for ki, he'll arrive at the grand elder's place before long,
and he'll take the seventh dragon ball from him!
th-then we have to hurry and go tell the grand elder about this!
please! please!
whether it's freeza or vegeta,
if either one of them is given eternal life, it will be terrible!
a-all right, let's hurry. show me the way.
right.
i'll go with dende to meet the grand elder.
gohan and bulma-san, you wait here for us.
it won't do any good for all of us to go, right?
u-understood. be careful.
remember, you be careful, too!
right!
vegeta seems to be even stronger than he was before,
and i sensed an even more incredible ki from that freeza guy.
i don't know what kind of training goku is doing,
but this time, even he might not be up to the task.
in any case, we'll get the one dragon ball the grand elder has,
and then just hide for five and a half days until goku arrives.
after that, all we can do is wait for goku to perform a miracle.
ah, if i'm starting to hope for miracles, then we've had it.
geez, i've never had a single woman in my life, either.
all right... terrific... i'm pretty used to this twenty-times gravity now...
okay, maybe i should try thirty-times now.
goku! can you hear me? goku! huh?
oh! that voice! is that you, kaio-sama?!
oh, indeed it is kaio.
by any chance, is that outer space you're in now? what are you doing in space?
oh, i get it. planet namek, right?
it would be nice if you could find their dragon balls, huh?
what's with you, kaio-sama?! don't you know anything?
there's something terrible happening on planet namek.
something terrible? well, i'll ask about that later.
as it happens, i've had some visitors come by here.
visitors? what about them?
it's amazing.
these visitors cleared the serpentine road and arrived in far less time than you did.
what's more, there are four of them.
huh?
four of them?
that's right. you know these four quite well.
y-you don't mean...?
they all want even tougher training than what you went through.
th-that's awesome!
you mean that each of them has arrived there together at your place, kaio-sama?
can i talk to goku?
place your hand on my shoulder and speak.
yo, do you hear me, goku?
yamucha!
we met the dead kami-sama here on the other side,
and he told us about this place.
hey, we hear that you're going off to piccolo's homeworld
in search of the dragon balls there for us.
in order to bring us back to life.
he said there were four of you, right? yamucha and tenshinhan...
by any chance, is piccolo there, too?
yeah, piccolo is here.
hmph. my pride won't allow for only you getting stronger, after all.
is the last one kami-sama?
no, it's not.
kami-sama stayed in the next world. it's chaozu, if you can believe that.
chaozu?! chaozu got blown to pieces. is he still okay?
yeah, kami-sama apparently regenerated his body, especially for him.
wow, that's amazing! good for you, chaozu!
awesome!
that's awesome! with everyone alongside, my courage is a hundred times greater!
what's this? familiar faces gathered together under kaio-sama.
however, goku is still unaware of the atrocities taking place on planet namek.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the dragon balls were falling into devilish hands.
meanwhile, goku, while on his way to planet namek,
received some unexpected good news from kaio, in the next world.
that's awesome!
you mean that each of them has arrived there together at your place, kaio-sama?
they all want even tougher training than what you went through.
"listen to me, goku! hands off freeza."
can i talk to goku?
place your hand on my shoulder and speak.
yo, do you hear me, goku?
yeah! i'm glad to hear you're all doing okay.
yeah, but the gravity here has us beat.
our bodies are so heavy, we can barely even run.
yeah, i know, i know.
but i'm heading for a place called planet namek, where they have dragon balls,
and i've started training under even more incredible gravity than that.
i've got to get a whole lot stronger in the next five and a half days,
or we're going to be in bad shape.
huh? why? has something happened?
i was injured really bad,
so kuririn, bulma and gohan went to planet namek to search for the dragon balls.
but that saiyan, vegeta, had also gone to planet namek to find the dragon balls.
wh-what?! so, did they get themselves done in by him?
no, it appears that vegeta still ain't discovered kuririn and the others yet.
but that ain't all. there's something even more unbelievable.
they said there are these other strange guys who are after the dragon balls.
the weird thing about them is that they were wearing
the exact same outfits vegeta was.
what's more, they said that one of them has a ki that's far greater than vegeta's.
wh-what?!
what? has something happened?
e-even greater than vegeta, who was too much for even goku to handle?
b-by any chance, was his name freeza?
i don't know, i ain't heard, but once i know, i'll tell you.
if it is freeza, then this is exceptionally bad...
g-goku, i'm going to check out planet namek for you.
could you, kaio-sama?
let's see, which direction is planet namek in?
yamucha, tell us what's going on.
i'm definitely sensing a tremendous ki. now to find the source of this ki...
f-freeza!
what, you know him, kaio-sama?
goku, this foe is more than just too much for you, he's the worst of the worst.
there is no way you can handle this opponent.
huh? wh-what do you mean by that?
listen to me, goku. this is an order from kaio. do not go near him.
when you get to planet namek,
take the other three aboard and get out of there immediately. got that?
i'm not just saying this for your own sake.
i'm saying this for the sake of everyone on earth, namek,
and many other planets as well.
if you launch some shoddy attack on freeza and get him angry,
something terrible is going to happen.
you have to leave that guy alone.
is he really that incredible a guy? i'd kind of like to have a look.
absolutely not! do not go near him! do you understand me?!
but still...
"but still" my spongy hind end!
goku, whatever it takes, gather the dragon balls, and bring us back to life.
piccolo!
i'm going to build myself up even more than you did here, and go to planet namek.
all right!
the two of us will blow away this ridiculous whatever-his-name-is.
don't be absurd! you guys don't know a thing about freeza!
there's no time. hurry and start training us.
if you're planning to fight freeza, i cannot teach you.
promise me that you won't go to planet namek.
all right.
you mean it, right? i'm trusting you.
that goes for you, too!
there's no way i'm going to keep a worthless promise like that.
i won't be able to surpass goku by doing the same training that he did.
i'll have to pick up the points of the training,
and then hone the techniques on my own.
all right, how about we get started?
here we go...
let's do this...
first of all...
try to make me laugh with a pun.
i will allow anyone who passes this test to train under me.
even if he has told me not to mess with him, there's no harm in getting stronger!
all right, let's try jumping all the way to fifty-times gravity!
hey, if we keep flying at this pace,
how long before we arrive at the grand elder's place?
we should be able to make it in another five hours.
damn, i can't find anywhere that has multiple powers.
what does that mean? aren't there any more villages?
there are two powers moving.
that's strange... one of them doesn't feel like a namekian, or one of freeza's men.
that's disconcerting. maybe i should go check it out.
meanwhile, on kaio's world...
a fierce battle of puns was unfolding.
sure enough, the ones who had trouble with this test were tenshinhan and piccolo.
i am chagrined...
ten-san, hang in there!
tenshinhan...
(mumble, mumble, mumble)
and i can really make him laugh with that?
you'll be fine. this is my ace-in-the-hole gag.
it is, huh?
all right,
i'll be right back.
ten-san, fight!
here i go!
bring it on.
here goes!
y-you think... you think...
y-you think...
ten-san! hang in there!
have faith in yourself! this one is definitely going to go over well!
huh? what was that?
this is different! his determination is different than the others up to now!
now!
you think up your nose is secret, but it's (s)not!!
you think up your nose is secret, but it's (s)not!
you think up your nose is secret, but it's (s)not!
what's that? a secret up my nose?
l-i'm not sure i understand it, but in any case, it is funny, huh?
wh-what should i do? should i laugh?
i did it!
you did it, tenshinhan!
ten-san!
you did it! you did it, ten-san! well done! good for you!
this is nonsense!
stop, dende!
it's vegeta! he's discovered us, all right!
he's coming straight toward us at incredible speed!
hide! hurry!
huh?
wh-what happened? he changed direction.
there's another large ki out there! he went in that direction!
this power is zarbon, no doubt about it.
i've been waiting for him to move out on his own.
28...
29...
30!
damn... i finally made it to 30... that's fifty-times gravity for you...
now then, to begin your conditioning. i should warn you,
my conditioning is un-condition-ally severe.
i just said another one!
h-huh?
you guys want to go home?
that's funny! that was funny! that was funny!
yeah, wasn't it though? wasn't it though? you can laugh even more.
laugh!
that was great! that was great!
go ahead, laugh!
okay, let's get started right away.
hey! bubbles-kun!
first of all, you are going to catch bubbles-kun here.
oh, is that it?
easy, easy-
i'm not so sure. it took even son goku three weeks to do it.
goku?!
it took him three weeks?
question!
what is it?
if we catch that monkey, will you train us, kaio-sama?
that's wishful thinking. after this, you have to train with gregory.
you'll train with me after all that is done. understood?
all right.
okay, run, bubbles-kun!
wait. wait.
wait up! wait up!
i'll fly.
good luck!
now then...
wh-what the...?!
is this what you call training? this is laughable.
i don't remember giving you permission to participate in the training!
hmph! i don't wish to undertake any training under you if it undermines my own dignity.
under-take any training under me... if it under-mines your dignity...
you made a triple, did you?
piccolo, you passed the test. i will train you.
hey, hey, hey, hey, what are you all standing around for?
laugh! laugh! that was funny! that was funny, right?
if only i had a scouter, a village would be easy to find.
that's... vegeta!
yo, it's been quite a long time, hasn't it, zarbon-san?
i have disposed of dodoria. next, it's your turn.
what?!
y-you disposed of dodoria?
without any trouble.
unbelievable.
you'll find out once we go at it. you'll realize how strong i am.
vegeta, why are you turning against freeza-sama?
it's a simple matter. i've never liked that freeza bastard.
up until now, i've been pinned down by his power,
and had no choice but to do as he said,
but then i unexpectedly learned that i could gain eternal life.
you mean the dragon balls.
you think i'm about to let freeza have them?
once i have obtained eternal life, my chance to beat freeza will come along for sure.
you fool. do you think you can beat freeza-sama with just eternal life?
it's too bad you don't have a scouter.
i have gained more power than you could imagine over my many battles.
you're the one who doesn't understand.
freeza-sama's ability far transcends even your level.
i'm through with all of this pointless talk!
i heard from dodoria that freeza is afraid of saiyans.
i'm going to show you that saiyan power, right now!
you really are full of yourself.
what freeza-sama was afraid of was the saiyans banding together.
you can't do anything all by yourself.
well, let's see about that.
he deflected it!
incredible! it's a clash of ki against ki!
vegeta and someone else are banging into each other!
h-his opponent is probably the one who was at that freeza guy's side.
th-they're both monsters. there's no way i can square off against them.
i hope the two of them end up flattening each other.
all right...
hold on to me tight!
this is our chance!
we'll hurry to the grand elder while the two of them are fighting each other!
if i fly as fast as i can, we'll get there a lot sooner! let's go!
what's the matter?!
zarbon-sama, of all people! your movements make you look like you're standing still!
damn it!
to think that you'd be so helpless at this level!
you've surprised me. you have indeed made magnificent progress.
but as a result,
you have awakened my true power, which has been dormant for many years.
zarbon's expression has suddenly changed.
exactly what is this hidden, fearsome power of his?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku's spaceship was racing toward planet namek.
piccolo, tenshinhan and the others had begun their training under kaio.
kuririn was rushing to the grand elder, under the guidance of dende.
elsewhere, a fierce battle between vegeta, burning with ambition,
and the evil minion zarbon, was unfolding.
ha! to think that you'd be so helpless at this level!
you've surprised me. you have indeed made magnificent progress.
but as a result, you have awakened my true power,
which has been dormant for many years.
"nothing but goosebumps! the handsome warrior zarbon's devilish transformation."
what?
you say i've awakened your true power, which has been dormant for many years?
that's correct.
that's a hilarious joke!
i will tell you why i have let my true power lie dormant and unused before you die.
in order to display my true power, i must transform myself.
however, my transformed appearance is unattractive.
as someone who prefers beauty, i cannot abide it.
but i will choose to transform before i choose death.
transform, you say? the way we saiyans do?
those who are cornered will say the most absurd things out of desperation.
unlike a saiyan, i do not transform into something larger than is needed.
my power just increases.
overwhelmingly so!
show me!
you need not ask.
i will show it to you, now!
wh-what is this?!
my appearance isn't the only thing that has transformed!
don't be too terrified by my power!
dende, aren't we to the grand elder's place yet?
it's a little bit farther ahead.
we have to do something while vegeta and that other guy are fighting.
you know, i get the feeling that a lot of time has passed
since we landed on this planet,
but it doesn't look like the sun is setting one bit, huh? why is that?
the sun doesn't go down.
after all, we have three suns, and they all come out in turn.
then, you don't have night on your world?
no, we don't.
well, okay...
d-dammit!
that's my limit... i've got to have a little rest...
still, i've conquered this fifty-times gravity a lot faster than i thought i would.
looks like that duel with vegeta wasn't altogether useless.
i wonder if tenshinhan and those guys are training under kaio-sama.
listen to me, goku. this is an order from kaio.
do not go near him.
i'm not just saying this for your own sake.
i'm saying this for the sake of everyone on earth, namek,
and many other planets as well.
if you launch some shoddy attack on freeza and get him angry,
something terrible is going to happen.
you have to leave that guy alone.
i can't go resting now! all right!
hold it!
hold it!
hold it! hold it!
hold it!
"rice catch!" get it? that was a great pun!
hold it!
dammit, i'm not about to lose!
no matter how you might struggle, you cannot beat me!
incredible! even as far away as we are, i can feel the ki from their battle.
my power now doesn't even compare to what it was before i transformed!
l-it's no good... even after i powered up on earth...
i'm not going to let you die easy!
vegeta, is that all for you?
you're not showing yourself, huh?
looks like you weren't able to move, and now you've drowned.
you did give me a hard time,
and even forced me to take on my loathsome transformation.
now then, i guess i should go report this to freeza-sama.
why did i come to this planet, anyhow?!
we can't get the dragon balls, and our spaceship has been wrecked!
i'm surprised that you can be so calm.
it's just a little while longer. when father gets here, he'll manage to do something.
i hope son-kun gets here soon.
if i'm forced to stay cooped up in a place like this for too long, i'll go crazy!
i wonder if kuririn-san has found that grand elder person.
the ki have subsided.
the fight is over.
which one of them won?
i don't know.
whichever one of them won, it's all the same. let's hurry.
which way? should we just keep going straight like this?
um, a little more to the left.
there it is. you see that tall rock over there, right?
th-that one, huh?
whew, that sure was a long way.
grand elder-sama is inside that house.
i'm surprised it's still even here. as conspicuous a location as this is,
it's only a matter of time before those bad guys find it.
he hasn't already been killed, right?
he couldn't be...
nail-san! thank goodness! you're all right!
h-he looks exactly like piccolo!
glad you're here, dende.
visitor, grand elder-sama is roughly familiar with the course of events.
then, grand elder-sama does know what is happening?
th-that will spare us the time of explaining, then.
both of you, come inside. grand elder-sama will see you.
um, if he already knows what is generally going on,
why hasn't he left this unsafe location?
grand elder-sama has grown too aged. he is aware that his death is approaching.
the only thing he could do is to remain here quietly, with me here protecting him.
i had heard that his death was near, but i didn't know it was so close.
come, inside.
that guy is capable.
i can sense quite a bit of power from him, compared to the other namekians.
up.
right.
grand elder-sama, dende and a visitor.
h-he's huge!
welcome. you are an earthling, correct?
first, i would like to offer my gratitude for rescuing my child dende here. thank you.
n-not at all. we didn't do anything all that great.
that miserable zarbon! th-this isn't over yet!
i'm going to become even stronger!
and then, i'm going to defeat both zarbon and freeza!
l-i'm not about to turn over the dragon balls to anyone!
vegeta was alive.
however, the hidden power possessed by freeza and zarbon was fearsome.
and after finally meeting him,
would the grand elder be of any help to kuririn and the others?
the tangled battle of good and evil surrounding the dragon balls yet continues.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
vegeta had been rendered powerless before the strength of zarbon.
you think that someone who can't beat me is going to be able to beat freeza-sama?!
looks like you weren't able to move, and now you've drowned.
elsewhere, with dende leading him, kuririn headed toward the grand elder's home.
welcome.
"defend the star of hope!! kuririn's astonishing power-up."
c-could he have fallen asleep?
i don't know...
u-um...
because of those villains, most of my children across this world have been killed.
this is grievous.
they appear to be after the dragon balls.
yes.
to think that this would happen because of these balls of hope,
testament to the wisdom and power of the namekians...
excuse me for coming right to the point, but could i ask you to let me borrow
the dragon ball over your head for a short while?
i absolutely will not turn it over to them! i promise you!
you are gathering the dragon balls too, are you?
yes. we would like to bring our dead friends back to life.
i ask on my behalf, as well.
grand elder-sama, if these people's friends come back to life,
they may be able to defeat those bad people.
how do you know of the dragon balls?
we had them on earth as well.
what did you say?!
long ago, during this planet's crisis,
there was a namekian who made his way to earth.
that person created our dragon balls.
is that so? i remember now. katattsu's child. what a surprise.
who would have thought that he would arrive safely on earth?
that child was a dragon-type prodigy, who was capable of creating dragon balls.
he was killed along with our other friends by the saiyan vegeta, who is now here.
the saiyans are indeed terrible. that child prodigy, huh?
this saiyan wouldn't happen to be a super saiyan, would he?
huh? wh-what's that?
gentleman from earth, could i get you to come over here?
please allow me to probe into your past a little.
past?
how can this be?! once evil made its way inside him, he split into two?!
so in order for him to become kami,
he couldn't have even the slightest of evil feelings within him, then?
and as a result, the evil piccolo was born.
but what a shame.
to think that he should divide the uncanny power he was born with in half.
if he had become one, as he was before, he may not have had to die.
become one?
well, i guess it would be all right. your desires are pure,
and the courage you have displayed up to now is greatly esteemed.
i will give this dragon ball to you.
terrific!
thank you very much.
so this is a dragon ball from the homeland. it sure is huge.
things sure are slow, huh?
is someone here?!
no, i'm bored, so i thought i would do some training.
oh...
six more to go, huh? i'll do my best.
still, i doubt you will have your wish granted.
huh? why not?
unfortunately, my life will only hold out for another few days.
can you get the balls that those bad men have already gathered
away from them before then?
i would think that would be impossible. once i die...
the dragon balls will also expire.
it's okay! that can't be helped!
for the time being, i will guard this ball with my life.
that's far better than allowing those guys to gain eternal life, after all.
if you'd be so kind. i cannot guard it anymore with the power i have left.
i will, for sure!
you have such outstanding power.
it's such a waste that you still have power lying dormant.
power lying dormant?
i will awaken that power for you.
i couldn't possibly have any power left.
i've thoroughly trained myself, after all.
i'm beyond my limits now as it is.
please escape from their clutches somehow.
my power... my power...
my power has shot up! this is awesome!
l-i don't believe it! it feels like i've been reborn!
thank you so much!
um...
can you call forth anyone's power? say, even a little kid's?
as long as there is dormant power within them,
it is possible, whomever they may be.
l-it won't shorten your life if you do it too much, will it?
all i do is provide the occasion. it has nothing to do with my life.
c-could i bring another one of my friends here?
i am positive that he has an incredible amount of power lying dormant.
bring him here. the more strong just men we have, the better.
right! i'll go bring him right now!
u-uh... as for this...
please take it with you.
i am leaving the future of this world and the universe to you.
dende, wait here. i'll go get gohan and bring him right back here.
p-please be careful.
grand elder-sama!
this is awesome! i can't believe i had this kind of power within me!
i should be able to pick up gohan in a few hours like this!
h-how can this be?!
a village we haven't attacked yet has been exterminated!
if i submerge the dragon ball here, no one will be able to find it.
whatever it takes, i have to get that dragon ball...
what happened? who overcame you?
a s-saiyan... came for the dragon ball...
so it was vegeta, was it?
th-the dragon...
know when it's time to die!
it couldn't be...
freeza-sama, it is zarbon.
come in.
has a village been located?
no, we have not discovered any villages at this time,
but i have just come from defeating vegeta.
oh, is that so? then zarbon-san,
that means you transformed for the first time in ages, yes?
yes, sir.
so, vegeta did die, then?
well, i did not exactly check for a body,
but even in the unlikely event that he did survive, he must be gravely injured.
why did you not verify that he was dead?
w-well, vegeta had been submerged underwater, so...
you could have dove into the water, no?
you were loathe to get yourself wet, and neglected to check for his corpse.
and trying to kill him right away was a rash thing to do in the first place.
what are we to do if vegeta has hidden a dragon ball from us somewhere?
l-i am terribly sorry! i will go check on him at once!
freeza-sama!
i have... i have discovered a village!
what?
however, the village had already been destroyed.
what was that?!
i am afraid it was the work of vegeta.
then he has hidden a dragon ball somewhere!
there was one surviving villager, but i disposed of him immediately.
you killed him, then? the only witness we had?
y-yes, sir...
the thing i hate most is when rash actions are taken when there is insufficient data.
be prepared to answer to me as well if vegeta is dead.
bring vegeta here at once.
this time, place your hopes on the chance that he is still alive.
yes, sir! appule!
yes, sir?
you will contact planet freeza
and inform the ginyu special corps that they are to come here.
and of course, tell them to bring scouters with them.
they should arrive in five days.
understood.
f-freeza-sama, why the ginyu special corps?
forgive me for saying so,
but i believe it is completely unnecessary to call that group here.
i feel an odd foreboding.
h-how do you mean, foreboding?
i have been thinking this for a little while now,
but it would seem that there is a powerful saiyan being brought up,
and in time, i feel he will become my foe.
at first, i thought it was vegeta, but it does not appear to be.
a-are you sure you are not making too much of it?
aside from vegeta, there is only what's-his-name and his child, on earth.
their battle power is supposed to be considerably lower than vegeta's.
are you telling me that my foreboding is wrong?
n-no, sir.
never mind that, i would like you to hurry and bring vegeta here.
y-yes, sir!
the ginyu special corps...
the saiyans do indeed
appear to have a fathomless battle power ensconced within them.
every time they do battle, it rises greatly.
naturally, there is no way that it can stand against me,
but when considering the future, i must nip it in the bud now.
it would be problematic if one were to become a "super" saiyan, after all.
that was some good sleep. i wonder how long i've been asleep.
it's no use! i'm so exhausted, i can't move at all!
d-damn it!
l-i am... not... about... to die!
wh-what? to think that he'd still be alive. he's one tough guy.
then again, it's because of that that i'll be spared this time around.
we're going to treat you. you're one lucky guy.
hey, listen, gohan-kun, look at this.
one of the dragon balls has started moving.
it's coming straight this way.
could that be kuririn-kun?
i'm sure it is! he did it!
he must have met the grand elder, and gotten his ball.
j-just a moment. then, what exactly is this other one here?
these five here are probably the ones that freeza guy has, right?
but look, there's this one over here all by itself.
huh? you're right, and it's close to here.
let's see... that direction, right?
ah! we told you that vegeta was attacking a village, remember?
it was in that direction!
b-but vegeta isn't over there.
i can't sense his ki.
i've got it! he attacked the village, but was unable to find the dragon ball!
he figured it wasn't there, and went off somewhere else.
please let me borrow that radar! i'm going to go get that dragon ball.
all right! luck is turning in our favor somewhat!
good, good, now's our chance!
i don't sense any formidable ki nearby at all!
who would have thought we'd ever be treating the injuries of a traitor?
the scramble for the dragon balls was becoming more and more chaotic.
who will be the one that laughs last?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
my power has shot up!
bring vegeta here at once.
you're still alive, huh? as a result, i'm going to be spared.
who is it that will be able to put a stop to freeza's ambitions?
"back from the brink of death... the miracle man, vegeta."
this so-times gravity is as tough as you'd expect.
yamucha and the others must be going at it.
i wonder if it's the same training that i did.
no, i can't afford to be doing that.
damn...
mock me, will you?
o-one more time!
and he was so close, too?
m-my body is so heavy...
you almost had him, huh?
all right, now me.
here goes!
ten-san, good luck!
don't rush, now. take your time.
what?
i have no intention of doing the same training as those guys.
teach me your techniques now.
i can't do that. there is an order to these things, you know... huh?
anyhow, when you try to jump straight to the end, things are apt to turn out badly.
by the way, if you're not doing anything, would you like to pull weeds with me?
why are you in such a hurry to grow stronger?
you promised me that you had given up on defeating freeza, didn't you?
for shame. liars have to swallow a thousand needles, you know.
for that matter, you should be enjoying your life here in the next world more.
this can be quite fun to do.
hmph! you're just playing the fool.
huh? are you leaving?
d-damn...
hey! let's eat!
son goku was something else, but you guys eat a lot too, huh?
we can't be outdone by goku!
if he ate 10 bowls, then i'll eat 20!
hey, come on now! if you don't stop now, you'll eat my portion, too...
besides,
it's pretty good.
oh, it is, it is, huh?
i know i may not look it, but when i was a youngster, i went to this cooking class,
and i was so good the teacher there told me i would make a good husband someday,
so i'm somewhat confident of my ability to... huh? hey, you guys!
ah, all full, all full...
good grief. the dead these days have no sense of moderation.
okay, now that my belly is full, i'll be fine.
i'll catch you this time for sure.
you won't be able to do that to me any longer.
go'! you!
he did it!
i did it!
i'm surprised you can get by on just water.
i did it!
you did it, tenshinhan!
ten-san, incredible!
those guys are something else.
once they've gotten a handle on this, they'll make rapid progress.
don't you think so?
i have no interest in those small fry.
i will not allow the existence of anyone stronger than me. that's all there is to it.
i did it! i did it!
i caught him! look!
oh? oh, my! even chaozu has mastered this, has he?
i see. all right, i'll give you your next training lesson.
hey. gregory!
hi! hello, everybody! i am gregory!
this guy is your next opponent.
please knock me down as hard as you can with this hammer.
you don't need to hold back.
however...
that assumes that you can keep up with my speed.
all right, i'll do it.
here.
wh-what's with this weight?!
ready? here we go!
b-bring it on!
okay...
too slow, too slow!
d-damn!
yamucha, hang in there!
yamucha-san, fight!
hey, piccolo, aren't you going to do this?
it's a waste of time. i'll train by myself.
piccolo...
chaozu...
what's the matter? are you giving up already?
d-dammit!
hey! we're going to take a nap now!
piccolo is sleeping comfortably out back. don't push yourselves too hard.
l-i'm not about to be lumped in with that guy! i'm up next!
my! my...
oh, dear...
there's someone even stronger than that saiyan.
how is he?
his condition is fairly serious. his life signs are extremely faint.
even if he does pull through, i'm not sure whether or not he will regain consciousness.
make sure he recovers, no matter what it takes!
use whatever methods you have to, understand?!
y-yes, sir.
otherwise, it will mean my life.
all right...
hey, hey! you can do it, you can do it!
chaozu, go easy on him! easy!
okay, this is it, the bottom of the 9th, 2 outs, bases loaded! all right, chaozu, go!
the count is 3-2. if he runs away, the walk scores a run, and it's goodbye! knock it out of here!
m-me, run away?! you're trying to make a fool of me!
v-very well, i'll show you! it's not going to be that easy!
any time you're ready.
wh-why, you! hit this one, if you can!
not so fast! forkball!
"crack!"
wh-wh-what was that?!
when you go out, call out to someone first, and lock everyone else out!
that was a come-from-behind, bases-loaded, say-goodbye home run.
oh my, gregory, what are you doing?
with chaozu's hit just now, we've all cleared him.
that's right.
what's that? is this true, gregory?
th-these guys didn't hold back at all.
wow, that was fast, huh?
oh, my, just over an hour? are you sure you're not going too fast?
okay, kaio-sama, please give us our next training.
next, we will spar.
nothing is better than sparring to learn each other's
strengths and weaknesses, after all.
as a matter of fact, we've been waiting for this.
ready to go at it?
oh, hold on, hold on, i'll determine the match-ups.
let's see, who should i put you with?
i'll do this!
oh ho, you've woken up, have you? all right then, piccolo and...
all the rest of them. wha...?
what?!
you think i can fight decently against someone
who had trouble with a monkey, or some batter?
at your level, even if there were ten of you, you'd still be a pushover.
you bastard, now you've said it!
my, my, what a humorless conversation this is. did you come here to fight?
well, there is some truth to what piccolo says.
kaio-sama!
to be honest, at your current ability, a one-on-one fight would be absurd.
but with all three of you, perhaps...
don't be ridiculous!
they don't even have a 1 in 10,000 chance of winning.
what's the matter? you want to go at it?
all right!
watch this. i'll put you away in five seconds.
ready? begin!
what?!
what the...?!
they're surprisingly tough, aren't they?
whooee! that smarts!
wh-why, you!
wh-why, you!
chaozu!
are you okay, chaozu?!
hey, don't panic.
you guys are already dead. you don't need to worry yourself pointlessly... but...
the pain of the body is just a remnant of when you were alive. it will soon be gone.
3... 2... 1... there.
huh?
see?
how? up until a little while ago, their movements were so slow,
and suddenly, i barely recognize them.
is this because of kaio's training? it couldn't be...
resume sparring!
piccolo...
take off your weights.
yeah, and then we'll fight you again.
that same trick isn't going to work anymore.
all right!
okay, that's enough.
that's all for sparring. we're moving on to the next training. everyone come with me.
oh, right...
a vegetable you eat in the morning that makes you fart is called asa-para-gas... [asaz morning]
masaparagas... asaparagas!
that was a great one!
r-right...
there's quite a bit of damage here. there may be no hope.
i'm counting on you. if you don't regain consciousness,
i'm the one who freeza-sama is going to take it out on, after all.
then again, even if you do come back to life here,
you'll be on your way to hell again by freeza-sama's hand soon enough anyhow.
that should do it.
well, all there is to do now is wait for you to wake up.
don't give us any more trouble, okay?
vegeta-chan?
how is vegeta?
he should regain consciousness shortly.
that is good, huh?
y-yes, sir.
wh-what was that explosion just now?!
it cannot be!
looks like you've underestimated my powers of recovery, huh?
now, then...
dammit, it's coming from the treatment chamber, all right!
zarbon-san, hurry!
oh, no! he escaped outside!
he did what?!
terrific, freeza is with him!
hurry! hurry and go after him!
why, you!
hurry! you must find him at all costs! he could not have gotten far yet!
fools! you fell for it all too easily.
dear freeza-sama,
allow me to take this current opportunity to inform you that your era is at an end.
your loving vegeta.
i have won!
vegeta, the miracle man who returned from the brink of death...
will he be able to outwit freeza and collect the dragon balls?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
awaiting resurrection,
yamucha, chaozu, tenshinhan and piccolo had each started their training.
as had goku.
however, the scramble over the dragon balls on planet namek
was growing even more intense.
hurry! hurry and go after him!
h-he escaped outside!
"an enormous battle power!! freeza's scheme is shattered."
where are you?! where are you?!
where did you run off to, vegeta?!
he couldn't have gotten away that fast.
he must be hiding somewhere.
have you not found him yet, zarbon-san?!
if you disgracefully allow him to escape you like this,
i will have you take responsibility with your life.
fool! go ahead and search outside as much as you like.
1... 2... 3... 4...
there are indeed five of them here.
not only have they healed my injuries,
they're going to have every last one of their dragon balls taken from them.
but i can't get away carrying all five of them.
what's more, it doesn't look like i have the time to calmly think this over.
all right...
please, let this work!
hey! you fell for it! i'm still inside the ship!
what was that?!
d-damn it all!
now!
where is vegeta?!
d-do not tell me that vegeta is after the dragon balls!
all right, and now for me!
th-the dragon balls!
that bastard!!
wh-where is he this time?!
freeza-sama, is he still inside the spaceship?
look for him!
y-yes, sir!
if i were to unwisely escape through the air,
freeza would overtake me in an instant.
what disgraceful behavior!
not only did you allow vegeta to escape,
but with the dragon balls, as well!
there is no way that he could have run away
with all five dragon balls in that short moment!
i will search the inside of the spaceship,
so you are to thoroughly search outside!
yes, sir.
you are prepared to answer for this, yes?
if you are unable to bring vegeta back here in one hour...
y-yes, sir!
let's see...
it's around here.
th-this is awful...
vegeta must have done this.
who's there? is someone there?
oh...
and after they had grown this many of them...
i'm sure they should have fallen around here somewhere.
there they are! there they are!
that's magnificent control, if i do say so myself.
take that, freeza.
i've finally gotten your dragon balls!
now, including the one that i sunk at that village,
i only need one more to have all seven.
a strong battle power! is that zarbon?
no, the battle power is lower than zarbon's.
l-is that?!
just you wait, gohan!
once you go to grand elder-sama's place,
you'll become much, much stronger!
he's that earthling!
wh-why is he here on planet namek?
what's more, he was holding the final dragon ball.
just how far is luck going to go my way?!
that's the last one.
people of planet namek, may you please rest in peace.
now then, i have to hurry and look for that dragon ball.
huh? this way?
it's not inside a house?
i get it. not even vegeta would find it if it's in the lake, huh?
here it is!
here it is, here it is.
9,995... 9,996...
9897...
after i've done 10,000 of these,
i'll do 60-times gravity. i'm on it...
9,998...
9,999...
10,000!
wh-what is this? i can't move my body at all...
dammit...
that was fast! i'll be there real soon!
it looks like that earthling is after the dragon balls as well.
but i'm going to take that one that you're holding.
then i will have all seven of the dragon balls!
dammit! where the hell is vegeta?!
if only i had a scouter, i could easily detect him!
if it keeps going like this, i'll have to surrender my life to freeza-sama.
is that vegeta?!
no, that's the guy who rescued that namekian kid.
but he's carrying something that looks like a dragon ball.
vegeta!
i've finally found you!
you're mine now!
there's a huge battle power following me.
it looks like zarbon has found me.
what an annoying bastard.
but this is a good opportunity.
i'll take care of him for sure this time.
he'll be full of confidence in himself after our previous battle.
his guard ought to be down.
it will take more than this!
this is crazy, goku!
bulma's daddy...
you're going to die, suddenly jumping to 100-times gravity like that.
l-i was doing it at so-times gravity...
are you sure the machine ain't broken?
don't be absurd! my machine is flawless.
b-but still...
just a moment.
wh-what's this?
i figured it out, goku.
the gravity device control has become unstable.
it's because your spaceship has entered an intense magnetic storm.
wh-what do i do?
it will take another hour before you're through the magnetic storm.
a-an hour?
i ain't going to last that long!
in any event,
you have to turn off the gravity machine's switch without a moment's delay.
th-that's easy for you to say...
huh?
well if it isn't kuririn! don't startle me like that!
i-isn't this dangerous, bulma-san?
if you're outside leisurely reading a book,
they're going to find you.
what are you talking about?
if i stay inside that cave all the time, i'll...
huh? could that be... a dragon ball?
you got it!
native dragon balls are gigantic, huh?
the grand elder was quite understanding.
oh, right, right! bulma-san, is gohan inside the house?
i'd like to take him to the grand elder's place, too.
he went to go find another dragon ball.
huh?
it showed up on the radar.
remember, near that village that vegeta attacked?
huh? really?
a ki! it's heading this way!
it's right next to us!
it's gohan-kun. that was fast, huh?
n-no, it's not gohan!
v-veg eta!
oh, crap! i was so ecstatic over becoming stronger that i didn't notice his ki!
this is an unexpected place to run into you, huh, earthling?
i didn't think you guys had the civilization it took
to make it all the way to this planet.
looking at that dragon ball that you're so carefully holding onto,
it appears our goals are the same.
listen, before i take that dragon ball from you, there's something that i have to do.
but you'd better not get any funny ideas, like running away with that thing.
it won't be just you... that woman will end up dying as well.
he's here.
wh-who is that?
judging by his face, i wonder if he isn't a champion ofjustice...
th-this is the worst...
once again, a battle to the death was about to begin.
what fate will kuririn and the others meet?
and what about goku?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
after successfully stealing all five dragon balls from freeza's spaceship,
vegeta showed up in front of kuririn and bulma,
who had the last remaining dragon ball.
however, just then, zarbon, who was under orders from freeza, appeared.
elsewhere, son goku, who was speeding to planet namek,
was caught in a sudden magnetic storm,
and had fallen into a life-or-death crisis, due to unstable controls,
which had suddenly subjected him to 100-times gravity.
"i'm back to my old self again!! goku under 100-times super-gravity."
g-goku!
no matter how strong goku-san may be,
if it takes an hour to get through that magnetic storm, he won't last!
can't you do something?
i'm completely like this.
huh?
l give up-
l-i'll cut the chain!
kamehame-hal!
go, kamehame-ha!
th-this is the worst!
how is this the worst?
he's a pretty nice-looking man, isn't he?
p-please don't go judging people by their faces at a time like this!
but usually, the handsome guy fights for justice.
this isn't earth, it's planet namek.
yeah, i understand that.
bulma-san, you don't understand anything.
you've managed to mock me pretty good, haven't you, vegeta-san?
i see.
i recall seeing that runt over there holding the dragon ball before.
you guys have joined forces, have you?
yoo-hoo!
yoo-hoo, yoo-hoo! beat up vegeta!
i don't care about them.
none of that matters.
vegeta, where have you hidden the remaining dragon balls?
you're going to stand before freeza and tell us.
try and make me.
you'll never learn.
come on, why don't you transform, already?
what?!
zarbon, until you change into that hideous form of yours,
you can't fight toe-to-toe with me.
to someone like myself, who prefers beauty,
those words are the greatest insult!
vegeta, you have gotten me genuinely angry.
but you can relax.
freeza ordered me to bring you back alive.
you're too soft, zarbon.
that softness is what has restored me back to life.
shut up!
how handsome!
bulma-san...
bulma-san, now's our chance! let's get out of here!
but he said he'd kill us if we ran!
he'll kill us even if we don't run!
i won't let you do that!
damn! he doesn't miss a single thing!
don't you sell me short!
you are prepared to answer for this, yes?
if you are unable to bring vegeta back here in one hour...
if this keeps up...
you've finally made up your mind, have you?
h-he's a villain, all right!
wh-what was that?! he turned into a monster!
what's more, his power shot up like mad!
vegeta, you're the only one who has seen this form twice!
i wonder why it was at the bottom of that lake.
i know! the villagers might have been in a rush to hide it.
there are two incredible ki!
they're coming from where bulma-san is waiting!
whichever one of them wins, it's bad news for us.
s-son-kun, hurry and get here!
what are you doing, goku?! stop that!
i ain't about... to die here!
goku, it's no use! you can't cut that chain!
g-goku!
goku-san!
it's designed so that it won't break when you do that!
kaio-ken!!
he did it! he did it! what a guy! that was amazing!
damn... that's 100-times gravity for you...
the bones throughout my body are broken to pieces...
goku! goku!
goku-san! goku-san!
i know... i can't die here...
i've got bones broken all over...
vegeta, just you wait!
goku-san!
goku!
goku! don't worry about your face! hang in there!
he did it! he did it! he did it!
whew, that was a close one.
a little bit more, and i would have been dead.
but still, i did it.
i experienced 100-times gravity.
at this point, i can go right to training at 100-times.
you fell for it, zarbon.
dammit!
you planned that!
vegeta! how dare you!
looks like that hurt pretty bad.
your strength has dropped quite a bit, hasn't it?
zarbon-san, it appears your death is near.
my death is near?!
don't make me laugh!
my battle power is higher than yours!
zarbon-san, aren't you supposed to be well informed about saiyans?
carelessly treating me after i was near death was a bad idea, huh?
isn't that right?
it's a good thing i brought these senzu...
i'll have to thank yajirobe...
yahoo!
ups-a-daisy!
all right, i'm back to my old self! now for some 100-times training...
before i do, maybe i'll go have something to eat.
saiyans are able to increase their battle power dramatically...
every time we recover from the brink of death!
so that's it.
now that he mentions it, goku got stronger every time he had a fierce battle.
damn, so that's the reason why vegeta's ki has risen like crazy, huh?
listen, even if your battle power has risen,
there's still no way you can beat me after i've transformed,
and can exhibit my true power!
the saiyans are a fighting race! don't underestimate us!
v-vegeta... i was only acting under orders from freeza-sama...
let me go... please...
after as much as you've worked me to the bone,
don't you dare go asking for anything for yourself!
i know... the two of us could team up... if we did...
we could even beat freeza...
if i could defeat freeza just by teaming up with you,
it wouldn't be very sporting.
now then...
i don't know how you did it,
but you've raised your battle power a bit since we were on earth, haven't you?
but you're still not at the level where you can fight me on even terms, are you?
what will it be? would you be inclined to hand over that dragon ball to me nicely?
l-i doubt it will do any good to make any agreements with you,
but if i hand this over, do you promise to leave here without any trouble?
a promise, huh? well, all right.
as long as i have the dragon ball,
there's no sense in playing around with you, small fry.
y-you mean it?
what a pest. if that's how badly you want to live,
then hand it over before i change my mind.
k-kuririn...
you guys are lucky.
i'm in a good mood, since i have now found all of the dragon balls.
now i can attain eternal life,
which will allow me to rule the entire universe, instead of freeza!
w-we're not about to let vegeta get all seven of them!
c-come on, gohan!
at length, six of the dragon balls had fallen into vegeta's hands.
all that remained was the si xing qiu ball being held by gohan.
will gohan be able to protect it?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
having stolen five dragon balls from freeza,
vegeta at last had defeated zarbon, who had been chasing after him,
following an intense life-and-death battle.
and then, with great apprehension, the dragon ball which kuririn...
had received from the grand elder also went to vegeta.
you guys are lucky.
i'm in a good mood, since i have now found all of the dragon balls.
now i can rule the entire universe, instead of freeza!
i will obtain eternal life.
elsewhere, gohan had discovered the si xing qiu ball vegeta had hidden,
and was on his way back.
"freeza's secret weapon! the devilish ginyu special corps."
k-kuririn, you handed it over pretty easily, considering, huh?
you had to work so hard to get that dragon ball, too.
he said that was the last dragon ball, so it's all over now.
if i hadn't handed it over, we definitely would have gotten killed.
the fact that the two of us are even alive like this...
is nearly a miracle.
besides, we're probably still okay handing over that dragon ball.
i'm sure that the dragon ball that gohan went looking for...
is the one that vegeta hid to keep that freeza bastard
from gathering all seven of them.
that's right! gohan-kun must have found that dragon ball already,
and now he's heading back!
that means things aren't going the way vegeta had hoped, are they?
mm-hmm. as long as vegeta doesn't find gohan, they are.
he is late, is he not?
y-yes, sir!
it has been four hours.
what could zarbon-san be doing?
seeing as how he has not returned,
he has either fled,
or he has been killed.
if i had known this would happen,
i should have brought the ginyu special corps from the start, huh?
yes, sir! c-concerning that,
according to a message we just received from planet freeza,
preparations for the ginyu special corps' departure are complete.
is that so? i look forward to it.
now then...
i have no need of cowardly men, like yourself.
be gone.
ginyu special corps, launch!
what exactly is happening on planet namek?!
wh-what's this?!
there's an enormous power headed for planet namek.
is it goku?
there are five of them. is this...
th-the ginyu special corps?!
the ginyu special corps?
mm-hmm. they are the evil overlord freeza's special private squad.
the ginyu special corps have always operated
in the shadows of freeza's rule over the universe.
i don't know about "ginyu," or whatever,
but we'll put those guys down "g-iny-ood" and hard!
that was funny, that was funny!
kaio-sama, how was that pun...?
kaio-sama...
the ginyu special corps... a fearsome squad of evil.
each one of their powers might be higher than even goku's.
and there are five of them.
for some reason, it feels like my body has suddenly become lighter.
all right, one more burst!
somethings coming from straight ahead!
it's a very strong ki...
vegeta!
all of a sudden, there's a strong battle power in front of me...
i have to mask my ki...
the presence just disappeared. impossible...
i'm sure it was around here.
vegeta! hurry and get out of here!
who's there?! come on out!
i know you're there!
if you don't show yourself at once,
i'm going to blow this whole area away!
h-he wouldn't!
what's the matter?! huh?!
all right, i wonder if i had better jump out and fight vegeta. but then...
gohan, there's no way we can match up against vegeta now.
i have to protect this precious dragon ball at this point.
you don't intend to come out, huh?
all right... as you wish, i'll blow you away!
rats!
w .
wait!
please, don't let him find this...
i\ltl& mg!
kakarrot's son, huh?
kakarrot's son, huh? i thought that perhaps it might be you.
there were other earthlings here.
you being here isn't all that surprising.
a dragon ball!
d-don't tell me that's!
this? i got it as a present from that bald-headed friend of yours.
y-you... killed kuririn-san... didn't you?!
if you'd like me to,
i wouldn't mind going back now and killing him for you.
be grateful.
to celebrate me getting all of the dragon balls together, i let him live.
a-all of the dragon balls?
hey, what's that you're holding in your hand?
th-this is a clock!
heh, a clock?
with science that can only make a clock as huge as that one,
i'm impressed that you could make it to this planet.
n-nobody asked you!
by the way, is that kakarrot bastard here, too?
no, he's not!
we didn't know there would be bad guys like you here!
is that so?
that's too bad, huh?
the three of us...
are the last of the saiyans.
when you get back to earth, tell him something for me.
tell him i said that i will come to earth before long,
and this time, i will blow both you and the earth away.
it's around time for you to be missing your mother's milk, isn't it?
hurry back to earth, now.
that hurt!
but still...
the dragon ball is safe!
dammit! isn't he back yet?!
kuririn, i've taken down the house, and returned it to its capsule.
isn't gohan-kun back yet?
l-i don't see him yet.
i sure hope he wasn't discovered by vegeta.
vegeta has found out about this place.
we have to change locations, fast.
what is gohan doing?! hurry! hurry!
kuririn-san!
he's here!
kuririn-san, i found this!
you did it! we've been waiting for this!
gohan-kun, way to go!
gohan, i'll fill you in on the details later,
but we have to hurry and get away from here,
or things are going to get dicey.
i know most of it already. vegeta found me, too.
but i managed to hide the dragon ball somehow,
so i got away without him finding it.
y-you were lucky, too, huh?
kuririn, gohan-kun, let's just get moving.
right. yeah.
this is the lake.
the dragon ball is submerged in here.
once i pull it out...
i will have all seven dragon balls together.
take that, freeza!
as of right now, the universe belongs to me.
that's strange. it was definitely submerged in this area.
it's gone! impossible!
it was him!
the place where i ran into that kid...
was exactly halfway between here and the cave where those earthlings were!
why, that miserable brat!
but how did he search for the dragon ball?
this is a clock!
that was no clock! it was radar!
damn it!
you earthling punks!
play me for a fool, will you?! you'll pay for this!
damn it all!
damn it all! damn it all!
where are you, you punk kids?!
come on out, or you'll be sorry!
dammit, they've disappeared, have they?!
damn it all, i can't sense their presence, either.
those brats are able to control their presence all the way down to zero.
i can't find them like this.
those rotten earthlings! that was an insolent stunt to pull!
but they are sure to come after the six dragon balls that i have at some point.
and when they do...
it's okay.
he won't find us here.
hold on a minute.
i can't even set up the house in a place as tight as this, can i?
please don't ask the impossible.
there aren't too many caves like that last one, after all.
we just have to put up with it until father arrives, bulma-san.
huh? you mean, until son-kun gets here, a lady such as myself
is going to have to stay here, in a place that doesn't even have a bathroom,
together with you guys?
oh, you don't have to worry on that point.
i'll be taking gohan with me,
and we'll be going to grand elder-sama's place again.
huh? how come?
what is this?!
you mean you're going to be leaving me here all by myself?!
please bear with us. once gohan meets grand elder-sama,
there's a chance that he will gain enough strength to rival even vegeta.
freeza's secret weapon, the ginyu special corps, had at last gone into action.
goku was also headed for planet namek
while continuing to train under 100-times gravity.
vegeta was seething with anger.
and kuririn and gohan had taken off to see the grand elder.
a grand three-way battle intertwining good and evil was about to begin.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
freeza's secret weapon, the ginyu special corps, had at last gone into action.
where are you, you punk kids?!
come on out, or you'll be sorry!
vegeta was burning with rage after gohan
and the others took the si xing qiu ball from him.
however, by then, bulma and the others had moved their hiding place.
further, in order to have gohan's dormant power drawn out,
he was headed to the grand elder's place, along with kuririn.
"watch out, bulma!! si xing qiu falls into freeza's clutches."
wh-what?! what was that?!
i've found you!
v-v-v...
how dare you make a mockery of me!
where is the dragon ball?!
there.
where is it?!
l-i told you... it's right there.
if you won't tell me, then i'll just have to do this!
what are you talking about? i've been telling you, haven't i?
it's there! it's there! why don't you get it?!
it's there, i tell you!
it was a dream, huh?
damn it...
if the device that kid was holding
really is something that can seek out dragon balls,
then i can't be careless about leaving here.
they wanted these six, too.
all i can do is wait for them to make their move.
freeza is starting to get pretty impatient, huh?
that means i've destroyed the spaceship's power, and he can't move.
even assuming that he radioed to have more scouters brought here,
it would take three or four days for them to get here, at best.
i'll have to settle this before that time.
if i can just acquire eternal life with the dragon balls,
then depending on my strategy, i'm sure i will be able to defeat freeza.
now, when he doesn't have a scouter, is my chance.
that miserable vegeta!
wh-what is with all these earthquakes lately?
that's it! i've had all i can take of this crazy planet!
damn, it's going to take quite a bit of time for us to get there at this speed.
but if we use any more ki than this,
that vegeta bastard will find us, no doubt about it.
it looked like he had gotten even stronger.
right now, even with the two of us
going at him together, there's no way we could beat him.
but then, do i really have enough power to rival vegeta?
i wouldn't think so.
well, i had this much latent power, so with you having saiyan blood,
i think we're okay to expect quite a lot.
probably, anyway.
it's not like i have to go in and get it, right?
even in the water like that, it's still right nearby,
the same as if it were on shore.
once kuririn gets back, i can just have him go get it.
sure.
d-don't tell me it's vegeta!
what do i do? if si xing qiu falls into vegeta's hands,
he'll have all seven dragon balls, and be granted eternal life.
if that happens, then no matter how much training son-kun has done,
he'll have no chance of winning.
and that's not all.
yamucha and the others won't be able to come back to life, either.
and i'll never be able to return to earth.
all right...
let's see, as i recall, it was this one.
taking the fight to vegeta, or whoever it is, is better than waiting around,
rotting away on this planet.
let's see...
this is for missiles, and this is for the laser cannon.
okay...
there it is!
i get it. you're the culprit, huh?
well then, i'm not going to hold back.
i did it!
yahoo!
ka... me... ha... me...
ha!!
s-senzu... senzu...
whew! i have to be more careful. i got a glimpse of the next world there.
if i'm dead, i won't be able to train worth crap.
i'll be there in just over two days.
well, i guess i should keep at it a little longer.
that's a good boy. just stay still.
that's a big pearl!
something like that would be...
be a good boy there for just a little while, okay?
all right...
huh?
hang on a minute!
there it is!
h-hold on, here... what is this?
it's almost as though they were imitation dragon balls, huh?
what in the world could this be?
in any event, the first order of business is to get the si xing qiu ball back.
my capsule! my escape capsule! it's gone... it's gone!
you're kidding me!
it was there just a moment ago!
where is it?! where did it go?!
there it is!
it will take more than that to defeat bulma-san!
geez, like i've been telling you, that's my si xing qiu there, not yours!
they were eggs!
watch out!
what are you doing?! run!
i'm not doing this for you!
i'm doing it for the dragon ball!
i've had it with living like this.
where are the other dragon balls?
where is vegeta?
no matter. once you go before freeza-sama, you'll talk, whether you want to or not.
freeza?
come on!
bulma goes from one crisis to another.
and has one of the dragon balls once again passed into freeza's hands?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
bulma was all alone, guarding the si xing qiu ball that had been taken from vegeta.
however, the dragon ball rolled down into the sea.
and then, after going to great lengths to retrieve it...
where are the other dragon balls?
where is vegeta?
no matter. once you go before freeza-sama, you'll talk, whether you want to or not.
f-freeza?
come on!
"chargel! the kaio-ken and kamehame-ha of an indomitable spirit."
let me go! please, let me go!
i don't even know vegeta!
even if you take me to freeza, there's nothing i can tell him!
which would mean...
i'm done for.
thinking back, my life has been a series of hardships...
no! no, no, no!
i don't want to die here! let me go!
hey, calm down!
for crying out loud, what a handful she is.
there are still some things we have to ask you. we can't let you die so easily.
how many times do i have to tell you before you get it?!
i don't have anything besides that dragon ball!
we'll see.
i wonder how well you'll be able to feign ignorance like this in front of freeza-sama.
so, why is it that freeza-sama started collecting these balls, anyhow?
beats me. it's probably something lower-rank soldiers like us don't need to know.
don't you guys have the slightest idea what the dragon balls are?
let's go.
y-you dummies.
when you get the dragon balls together, something fantastic happens.
you don't say.
it's true! the dragon balls are amazing things that can grant any wish!
stop talking nonsense!
it isn't nonsense!
if you bring the seven dragon balls together, you could have power beyond even freeza's!
what?
l-it's true. that's why everyone is so desperate for them, you know.
hey, buleberry, we don't have time to listen to her hogwash.
so, wouldn't it be better if you guys left me alone,
and went off to gather the dragon balls?
h-hey!
l-if you make a wish about wanting to make the universe your own,
it could come true!
let's go, buleberry!
sounds interesting.
hey!
now, hold on.
freeza-sama would be thrilled if we brought all seven dragon balls to him.
besides, if what she says is true, then we could become rulers of the universe!
th-that's right! that would be the best thing to do.
come on, let's go where the other dragon balls are.
l-i don't know where they are! y-you guys go look for them on your own!
i see. you're saying you want to meet a painful fate here, do you?
no! help!
now, where are they?
th-the sea! they're submerged beneath the sea!
is that right? that's where they are, huh?
let's go, raasberry.
what choice do i have?
kaio-ken!!
all right!
here goes!
ka...
hame-ha!!
yikes!
whoo, that was close, that was close!
but it looks like my body is pretty much able to take it now.
yow!
hey...
j-just a minute, here! hey, what are you planning to do?!
we're going to have you lead us to where the dragon balls are.
y-you've got to be kidding me! i can't accompany you guys into that sea!
just come along.
listen, i won't run away! i can't breathe underwater! honest!
you knew?
once they realize there aren't any dragon balls anywhere,
they'll kill me for sure.
get going!
i know...!
i'm going! i'm going, okay?!
i don't have anything like a weapon installed.
the most that i have are flares.
where are the balls?!
at this point, it's time to get desperate.
i remember! it's a little bit farther that way.
is this where?
that's it. if i can lure those guys in there...
in there! in there!
go on in there!
in there, okay?
j-just a minute! what are you doing?!
this is certain to be the place where i die.
j-just... just a minute! see? over there!
see? they're over there! over there!
are those?
that's them! that's them!
they're over there, aren't they?
you should hurry along, too.
he's going to have them all to himself. go on!
the more the better, you know! hurry up and take them.
nice!
i'm blinded!
you take it from here, if you please, monster-san.
what kind of guys are these?! i'm done for now!
i've had it!
good grief, you've got to be kidding me, making me work this hard!
no way!
wah! kuririn! hurry up and come back!
it's been nearly four days. is it still far?
yeah, a little farther. dammit, grand elder-san is going to be dead.
all right...
how about we try drastically raising our pace?
as far away as we've come, there's no way vegeta will know.
y-you're right. besides, father will be here really soon.
that settles it, that settles it. let's fly at full speed!
right.
go'.!
if we fly at this speed, we'll arrive in an hour.
right!
i've found you at last!
there are two presences... kakarrot's son, and the runt who was with him.
though i thought they would be coming here, after my dragon balls,
but they're somewhere pretty far away.
i don't know what they're planning, but if i let this opportunity pass,
i probably won't have another chance to force the location...
of the last remaining dragon ball that they have out of them.
if i take this one with me, then even if that woman does seek this place out
with her unusual little device, she won't be able to get all seven.
all right!
you're going to pay this time for sure! brace yourselves!
freeza-sama!
we just received a message from the ginyu special corps.
they said that they are currently passing through the area near 9035-xy,
and that they would be arriving shortly.
very well.
they are finally arriving, are they?
seeing as how, fortunately, nothing has happened,
it would appear that vegeta has been unable to get all seven dragon balls together.
remember this well: once i get the scouters the ginyu special corps will be bringing,
i will be able to find you, no matter where you are.
exactly what sort of men are in this ginyu special corps, who would be arriving shortly?
and with vegeta having finally discovered kuririn and gohan,
is there any way for them to get out of this crisis?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
out in space, the figures of the ginyu special corps,
who were approaching planet namek under orders from freeza, had appeared.
how about we try drastically raising our pace?
as far away as we've come, there's no way vegeta will know.
y-you're right. father will be here really soon, and all.
with no way of knowing that,
gohan and kuririn were rushing to the grand elder at top speed.
i've found you at last!
you're going to pay this time for sure! brace yourselves!
vegeta had begun to pursue them at breakneck speed.
would gohan and kuririn be able to escape?
"the great battle approaches! the ginyu special corps now takes the stage!!"
hang in there, gohan! grand elder-san's place is just ahead!
right!
i might have said that once we have the grand elder draw out gohan's dormant power,
he would rival vegeta, but to be honest, i doubt we can expect that much.
that bastard really does have a gift. there's no end to how strong he's becoming.
after having gohan made stronger, all we can do is wait for goku to get here,
and then have all three of us fight together.
9,999...
10,000...
amazing! i'm hardly tired at all! i've surprised myself!
now then, all right, that's all for my training.
with the time that's left, i'll rest up.
i have to get used to regular gravity again, too.
l did it! what agility!
i'm so surprised! i'm so light, it feels like i ain't even here!
whoo! light! light!
so light, so light, so light, i say!
and strong, and strong!
after building myself up this much, i'm sure i'll be able to withstand a ten times kaio-ken!
"shampoo"
i'm almost to planet namek, huh? all right, let's do this! let's do this!
whew, that was refreshing.
now, all that's left is to sleep tight.
but let's take a moment before doing that.
let's see... here it is.
huh? my mistake. this stuff is bitter, after all.
let's see... here it is, here it is, this, this!
bulma's daddy's specially-made sports drink!
goku had not realized that at some point along the way,
he had obtained a level of power that went beyond saiyan limits.
almost there. almost there, you dirty punks!
gohan, it's coming into view!
you see that tall mountain there? that's where he is.
all right, we're in the home stretch!
g-gohan, there's a ki! there's a ki coming from behind us!
l-it can't be!
l-it couldn't be... vegeta!
gohan, i'll use all of my strength to stop him here.
you go on to grand elder-san's place!
but...
hurry up! go get yourself made stronger!
okay?
right!
all right...
in any case, i have to try.
what speed!
yo.
l-i'm impressed that you discovered us.
of course i did. i'm in a completely different league than you are.
now, why don't you return to me the dragon ball with the four stars that i had hidden?
you've made a mockery of me!
wh-what in the world are you talking about?
don't play dumb. i'll make you talk soon enough.
this is incredible!
what's that?
that mountain where kakarrot's son fled to...
there's something else there.
that's where you've hidden the ball, is it?
it is not!
wait!
you have a tremendous amount of dormant power, don't you?
are you not an earthling?
excuse me, but could i ask you to hurry?
they are here.
what is this place?
wait, vegeta!
please wait!
leave here.
looks like you want to die.
h-he did it! gohan's ki has risen!
so that's it. kakarrot is here, is he?
all right, today's the day when we settle things!
come on out, kakarrot!
what?!
l-it's you?! what did you do in there?!
why has your base power risen so sharply?!
it's true,
your battle power seems to have risen to a level incomparable to what it was before.
even so...
are you telling me you want to exchange blows with me at your level?
very well.
grand elder-sama!
d-dende...
y-yes?
go tell everyone at once... there is a large, mysterious power approaching namek.
grand elder-sama!
quickly!
r-right!
l-listen, grand elder-sama says that there is something approaching this world!
"huh? what?!"
grand elder? who's that?
l-it's true! there really is something up there!
l-it's an incredible power!
l-it's goku! goku has finally gotten here!
what?
i'm not so sure. it doesn't feel like there's just one...
i-it couldn't be!
1... 2... 3... 4... 5... no doubt about it!
freeza has called in the ginyu special corps!
damn it all!
you guys, hand over your dragon ball to me, now!
n-no way! we won't do that!
i promise you, once i gain the power of immortality,
in no way will i do anything to you!
hurry, or there will be no undoing what will happen!
y-you think you can fool us?!
if we do that, we'll be playing right into your hands!
listen to me closely, you dirty bastards!
this ginyu special corps that freeza has called in has five men,
each of which is as strong as me... no, probably even stronger!
they're going to use the latest scouters to find me,
as well as you guys, and then come kill us at once!
th-that can't be true!
can't you sense their power?! there's only one path we can take!
the only route we have is to make me immortal, and have me defeat them!
what he's saying might be true.
there are indeed five great evil powers out there.
well, let's make gohan immortal!
he might have the power, but he's utterly lacking in tactical experience!
b-but then... if that's the case... why the hell did we even come here?!
the dragon balls can grant you three wishes.
you guys will be sure to have your wish granted.
three? not just one?
th-three?
y-you guys!
why do you keep repeating it?! snap to it!
who knows if there's going to be enough time?!
l-listen, we really... we really can have three wishes granted, right?
come with me!
but we're going to make sure you keep your promise, you got that?!
wait for me!
damn it!
fly as fast as you can!
it looks like they've left, huh?
yes. but even if it works out, their chances of winning are extremely low.
nail-san...
nail...
you go on as well. you want to help out some, don't you?
but...
if it's about me, i'll be all right.
my life should still hold out for a little while.
understood.
so, you have arrived at last, ginyu special corps. i have been waiting for you.
aren't we there yet?! they've already landed!
just a little farther.
why does this have to happen to me?
wh-what in the world was that?!
huh?
bulma-san, i'm taking the dragon ball with me.
all right, hurry! this way now!
h-hey, what exactly is going on?!
gohan-kun!
hold on! explain what's happening before you go!
do you know the kind of trouble i've had to go through?!
for crying out loud!
really, when it comes to those guys, i've just about...
huh? wasn't that vegeta with them just now?
reacoom!
butta!
jheese!
ghurd!
ginyu!
to-geth-er we are...
the ginyu special corps!
l-i have been expecting you.
the tense situation was starting to change rapidly.
who exactly are the ginyu special corps, whom even vegeta is afraid of?
to whom will go the dragon balls, along with their wishes?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
wh-what in the world was that?!
bulma-san, i'm taking the dragon ball with me.
hurry! this way now!
hey, what exactly is going on?!
gohan-kun!
hold on!
for crying out loud!
really, what do they think they're...
w-wasn't that vegeta with them just now?
in the face of an enormous foe,
kuririn and the others have temporarily joined forces with vegeta. however...
reacoom!
butta!
jheese!
ghurd!
ginyu!
to-geth-er we are...
the ginyu special corps!
"goku on final approach! smash through freeza's dragnet."
well done, everyone. i have been expecting you.
thank you very much, freeza-sama. please tell us what our mission is this time.
the traitor vegeta has taken the dragon balls that i had gathered, and fled.
vegeta...
hey, that's that saiyan, right?
i hear he's quite the arrogant bastard, for someone who doesn't have that much power.
vegeta has betrayed freeza-sama...
however, for whatever reason, his battle power is starting to rise higher and higher.
although, he should still be no match for you.
please rough him up so as not to kill him, and bring him back here.
i would like to force him to tell me where he has hidden the dragon balls.
that will be a simple task. our scouters are already tracking vegeta.
he appears to be traveling at high speed not too far from here.
what is the matter?
who might these other two who are with him be?
they appear to have a fairly high battle power.
two of them? ah, those must be the two children who interfered earlier.
so they have teamed up with each other, have they?
what are we to do with them?
you are to kill them.
 lucky! hooray! hooray!
understood. let us go thoroughly enjoy ourselves.
at the heart of it all,
you are no more than just a saiyan monkey, kneeling under our rule.
don't go thinking you're on an equal level with us,
just because freeza-sama has taken a liking to you!
as perfect as freeza-sama might be in everything else,
there's still one thing that i can't comprehend.
and that's how someone as useless as you are has been admitted into the ginyu special corps.
what?! try saying that again!
don't breathe next to me. it stinks so bad, i can't stand it.
i'll show you whether or not i'm useless!
this is no time to be playing around...
vegeta-san.
a very nice planet has been found. it should sell at a high price.
let us go see it-just the two of us.
as you wish.
looks like you got away with your life. you're a lucky one, at least.
that miserable vegeta...
oh my, what's the matter, ghurd? do you have to go potty?
no, it's nothing.
freeza-sama, the scouters you ordered are in this case.
well done.
well then, we will be off.
special corps!
ginyu! fight!
they've started moving.
th-they're fast! hurry! they're going to overtake us!
these strong guys are coming at us, one after the next...
there's nothing we can do! father!
20 minutes to arrival at planet namek. 20 minutes to arrival at planet namek.
all right...
oh yeah...
kaio-sama didn't have to send me so many of them.
someone even more incredible than vegeta, huh?
stay alive, everyone.
ten more minutes...
it's funny. i don't feel any fear. what am i so relaxed for?
there's going to be someone unbelievable out there...
and yet, nothing.
maybe training in all that outrageous gravity has made me crazy.
over there!
we've got them all!
come on!
what's the matter?! get over here, now!
why, you!
gohan, no matter how i think this through, it's not right.
how can we let this guy have eternal life?
don't give me that now!
hurry up and turn over your ball!
we don't have time to dawdle!
yo, veggie-chan.
it's been a long time, huh?
dammit! and i was so close!
they're fast! they were so fast, i didn't even know they were approaching!
by any chance, is that one of those dragon ball things?
there are five of them lying over here.
this is all because you were so slow!
h-how can you say that?
freeza-sama will be overjoyed by this.
you have to get all seven dragon balls together, right?
there are five of them behind us, and you've got two of them.
that's all of them, isn't it?
wh-what vegeta said was true. i'm no match for them!
and that guy is exceptionally amazing, even among these guys.
y-you think we're going to just hand them over to you?!
you seem to have it all wrong.
without freeza-sama's power, you can't do anything!
watch what you're saying!
what?!
come on! come on!
that guy... that guy alone is really not all that tough.
wh-why is that guy mixed in with them?
stay back! you smell so bad, i can't take it.
die!! whoa!
don't go acting on your own, ghurd.
it's not like we've decided that he's your prey yet.
why don't you hand that over right now, vegeta?
although, even if you do hand it over quietly,
we have no intention of turning a blind eye to you.
you guys may be able to search for people with your scouters,
but i doubt you can search for these.
what of it?
this is what!
i'm back.
that's too bad. it looked like you were trying to throw it far away.
unfortunately for you, butta's speed is the fastest in the universe.
th-that's impossible!
now then, the other one...
destroy it!
damn it all!
the dragon ball...
h-how?
so the rumors were true, were they?
what do you mean, rumors?
they say that ghurd is able to control and stop time,
momentary though it may be.
th-that can't be true...
it's true, all right.
well then, that makes all of them.
now, for your turn. we're going to give you plenty of tender loving care.
and when he says tender loving care,
he doesn't mean patting your head, and tossing you up in the air.
he means we're going to hurt you.
you don't have to explain that!
vegeta, is fighting them the only thing we can do?
you must have realized running away would be futile.
having you guys around is better than nothing.
even knowing the extent of your power
you showed me on earth will be useless, i'll still be counting on it.
i'll take vegeta.
you guys decide who gets the other two
unknown pipsqueaks by rock-paper-scissors.
why do you always do this? that's not fair!
you can't do that, commander ginyu! yeah!
you took the tastiest piece last time, too, didn't you?!
you can't do that!
let me have him! i owe him one!
i guess i've got no choice.
all right then, i'll take the dragon balls to freeza-sama.
you guys take care of the rest on your own.
hooray!
i'm nice to you, aren't i?
yeah, you're the best!
well, first will be vegeta,
second will be...
those guys are a set.
all right, let's go!
rock, paper, scissors!
tie, go again! tie, go again!
couldn't we get away now?
hooray! i get vegeta!
d-damn it!
cheer up. it's better than him not getting killed at all.
understand, that's how it goes. but i'll let you strike the finishing blow.
now freeza-sama will be able to gain youth immortal.
i won't let you have them!
stop! don't waste your energy!
right now, concentrate only on defeating these guys,
instead of worrying about him, you idiot!
hey, come here a minute.
oh, oh, a strategy meeting, huh?
that ghurd guy that you'll be fighting has a low battle power,
but he uses supernatural abilities.
don't let your guard down.
yeah.
by the way, is kakarrot really not here on this planet?
no, he's not. but he is headed here.
hurry and get here! he may be an infuriating bastard,
but if we can get another ally, it will add some to our potential for battle.
why in the world did we even come here to this faraway place?
far from being able to get the dragon balls together,
we're instead letting the bad guys get eternal life! darn it!
huh? this is disappointing, huh? ghurd, you go first.
tch... what am i, some kind of battlefield garbage-collector?
what can i do? but reacoom, make sure you really save some for me!
they're the same ludicrous bunch as ever!
gohan, remember the image training we did on the spaceship.
this looks like it's going to be over in no time.
all right, let's go!
release your ki!
what's this?
a full-power leadoff attack...
a fierce, all-out battle, the likes of which had not been seen before, had begun at last.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at length, the seven dragon balls
had fallen into the hands of the ginyu special corps.
i'll take the dragon balls to freeza-sama. you guys take care of the rest on your own.
yeah, you're the best!
gohan, kuririn and vegeta had teamed up in order to defeat the evil emperor freeza...
okay, ghurd, go ahead and take care of those two runts first.
all right...
"super-magic or just a trick!? mr. ghurd is angry!"
a leadoff attack, huh? ha! well, i doubt it will do any good.
gohan!
right!
fools!
stopl!
you brats!
th-they're not there!
wh-where are they?!
there they are! all the way over there!
did they move in that one instant?
dammit, i can't hold my breath any longer...
those tiny bugs are better than we thought, huh?
their rating on my scouter...
it's a rare species that is able to change their battle power without transforming.
you've got some nice friends there, vegeta-chan!
those guys' speed and power is incomparably better
than the last time we fought. but still...
incredible!
you've increased your destructive power several steps over what it was before, gohan!
that's all thanks to having grand elder-sama unleash my power!
but that guy fled all the way over there.
i'm sure he must have stopped time again. let's go, gohan!
right!
oh! they vanished!
stopl!
they're already here?!
w-wait, there's no need to run away.
all right, i'll start with that pipsqueak over there.
oh, crap!
over there!
kamehame-hal!
oh, man, we almost had him!
what are we going to do with ghurd? he's having trouble with them.
at this rate, we're going to have to redo our bet.
all right, i'll bet this bar of chocolate that he finishes it in the next minute.
okay, i'm in.
damn it! attacking while keeping time stopped consumes energy too briskly!
i don't know what's going on!
kuririn and gohan took the dragon ball they worked so hard to get,
and flew away with it! and vegeta was with them!
what? vegeta was with them, you say?
what on earth does that mean?
if i knew that, i wouldn't be letting it get to me, would i?
i can't stand anything that's been happening lately.
so you say, but didn't your space capsule get all busted up? whoops...
there's no way you can come home, is there?
but then, it's been six days since goku took off from here,
so he should be arriving pretty soon.
huh? i can't hear you very well!
i know!
really! what is everyone thinking, tossing a lady aside like this?!
son-kun, hurry and get here.
look, gohan! every time he stops time, he gets more worn out!
all right, let's keep attacking him like this!
right!
s-stopl!
l-it's no use! i don't have enough energy!
all right...
i think i'll go hide somewhere and rest for a bit.
let's see, let's see...
behind that rock!
he's gone!
over there!
how did they know i was here?!
s-s-stop...
hey, ghurd!
this is disgraceful! you're going to bring shame upon the ginyu special corps!
ghurd, you dummy!
if you get yourself beaten by those pipsqueaks,
i'm not going to play with you anymore!
you'll have to take your 3 o'clock snack separately, too!
l-i just got a little bit careless!
i'm going to put these maggots away right now!
all right, now's our chance! let's charge him, gohan!
right!
th-they're coming again!
all right, if that's how they want it, i'll use my trump card!
what is this?
my body won't move!
it's my paralysis technique!
no matter how hard you struggle, you can't move!
dammit!
i can't move!
what happened to all that energy you had earlier?
looks like ghurd is getting pretty anxious.
he's using his paralysis technique, which he doesn't show off that often.
and against those two sawed-off little bugs, too.
hey, reacoom, the chocolate.
that bet you just made. one minute has long passed.
all right. ghurd, you piece of crap!
th-those idiots! after i told them to watch out for his supernatural powers,
they go launching a frontal assault.
i'm going to get you good for all the embarrassment you've caused me.
way to go, hand power!
get them! get them!
no need to hold back!
your flesh is so soft, huh?
all right, now it's time for the 100-blow punishment.
i'm going to hit you a hundred times!
1... 2... 3... 4...
5... 6... 7... 8... 9...
15... 16... 17... 18...
g-gohan!
i'll do it to you, too, just to be fair.
yow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
you give me my due!
hey, ghurd, how long are you going to keep this up?
you're holding up the next fight!
hurry up and finish them off!
okay... let's see...
all right...
this tree will do.
hey, you guys! i'm going to skewer you!
you might be good if i cooked you up and ate you!
yeah, i bet you'd like to escape, huh?
what's the matter? if you don't run away soon,
this huge skewer is going to run you through!
f-father! uncle piccolo!
gohan!
g-gohan is in danger!
piccolo, are you sensing the ki on faraway planet namek?
still, there's nothing that you can do with your power as it is now,
piccolo!
i can't eat with this knife! [can't eat: taberarenai-fu; knife: naifu]
yeah!
can't you move? you poor things.
all right, i'll take care of the kid in the yellow outfit first with this thing,
and then i'll use a different supernatural power on the other one!
g-gohan, can you do anything?
l-it's no use! my nerves are all paralyzed!
here goes!
our constraints have been released!
kuririn-san!
gohan!
th-that was dirty, vegeta!
th-this was supposed to be a fight between me and those kids...
that's something that you guys decided for yourselves.
you think there's such a thing as fighting dirty in a war?
t-to think that i would be done in by a lowbrow monkey bastard saiyan like you...
it's infuriating...
hmph. you're the last person i want to hear that from.
who would have thought we'd ever be saved by you?
thanks.
don't get me wrong.
do you think i deliberately rescued you?
i just had the perfect chance to kill that grubby bastard ghurd, that's all.
this is no time to be feeling relieved.
brace yourselves. we won't get lucky this time.
hey, hey, hey! ghurd got himself wasted!
th-that is a problem...
our ginyu special corps fighting pose won't be as beautiful with one of us missing!
reacoom!
butta!
jheese!
ginyu special corps!
s-sure enough, it's not beautiful.
we'll have to have commander ginyu think up a new pose for the four of us.
putting that aside, we have to decide
who is going to take out those two runts in ghurd's place.
i still get vegeta, you know.
all right, jheese, rock-paper-scissors with me.
okay!
first time is rock!
rock-scissors-pa per!
tie, go again! tie, go again! tie, go again!
tie, go again! tie, go again! tie, go again!
wh-what could those people be thinking?
yeah... i can't figure out their character one bit.
tie, go again! tie, go again! tie, go again!
the real hell starts now.
goku was moments away from landing on planet namek.
however, the greatest, most evil emperor in the universe,
freeza, was waiting there.
further, kuririn and the others were squaring off against the ginyu special corps.
could they defeat reacoom, butta, and jheese?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
ghurd, of the ginyu special corps, the evil emperor freeza's secret weapon,
was fighting gohan and kuririn.
however, at the last critical moment, vegeta jumped in and saved them.
do you think i deliberately rescued you?
don't get me wrong.
i just had the perfect chance to kill that grubby bastard ghurd, that's all.
reacoom!
butta!
jheese!
the real hell starts now.
"the savage reacoomll he's bad, he's strong, he's outrageous."
okay, vegeta-chan, now it's our turn.
you two little pipsqueaks there, give vegeta-chan a hand.
use as many dirty tricks as you need to.
hey, reacoom! don't kill the little ones! we're going to kill them, after all!
leave a little treat for us, too!
dammit!
(wh)'. that jerk!
ginyu...
special corps...
reacoomll.
hey, what's going on here? vegeta-chan's power level just rose to upwards of 30,000!
get down!
more! more! more!
h-he got him.
incredible... he ended it all in one instant. vegeta has ridiculous strength, all right.
hey, it couldn't be, right?
a-a ki! h-he's alive! that guy is alive!
h-he couldn't be... n-no way...
hi!
h-he's taken hardly any damage at all!
that's enough for the warm-up exercises.
reacoom is trying to look cool, and we're getting all dusty over here!
our cleaning bill is going to be outrageous.
wh-what kind of monster is he?
how is it that we have to get the dragon balls back from someone like this?
whoops!
that was close, that was close. i almost screwed up.
i have to make sure to deliver these to freeza-sama.
planet namek.
environment: moderate; culture level: low;
practical resources: none;
scouting industrial space, commercial space, and residential space.
such a worthless planet, huh? perhaps i will make it a planet for exiles.
there are any number of planets like this one in the universe.
i doubt there would be any value in going to the trouble of developing it.
i will be acquiring the dragon balls shortly, so i will have no further business here.
i know. as we are leaving, i will turn this planet into fireworks.
f-fireworks?
yes. to celebrate my eternal life.
a big, flashy "boom."
are there any other planets we can sell for development at a high price?
y-yes, sir, i will investigate at once.
dragon balls... how delightful...
well, should we get started?
reacoom kick!!
v-vegeta-san!
good! that's pretty good, vegeta-chan! you're better than i thought, huh?
(reacoom elbow').!
he got him!
speed.
yoo-hoo!
way to go, reacoom!
whoo! whoo!
thanks, guys!
v-vegeta-san...
what's the matter, vegeta-chan?
you can't possibly be finished after that, right?
you're still pretty spirited, huh? good for you!
hey, now, are you okay?
don't tell me you've kicked the bucket already, have you?
d-did he get him?
okay...
nice, nice, that's more like it.
there's the reason why freeza-sama adored you so much, long ago, huh?
but why would you turn your back on him, vegeta-chan?
reacoom is the same as ever, huh?
he's got a nasty personality.
what a freak!
don't you have any techniques with more panache than that?
if not, then it's about time i killed you. is that okay?
y-you monster! damn it... to think he'd be this strong...
it's almost as though he's treating me like a toddler...
if it keeps going like this, i'm going to get killed by him...
g-gohan...
yes?
l-if vegeta gets done in, then it will be our turn to get killed next.
m-make no mistake, there's no way we can beat him.
i'm sure that not even goku could.
at this point, it's all or nothing. let's charge him!
right!
all righty...
your life is mine!
there it is! reacoom's 18th final pose.
poor vegeta-chan. the life of a flower is so short, huh?
okay, i'll finish you with this.
all right... let's go, gohan!
vegeta doesn't have the strength left to avoid reacoom's quick attacks.
right!
reacoom...
eraser gun!!
vegeta-san!
move! you're in my way! wh-who asked you to do that?!
y-you idiot! if you had time to rescue me, why didn't you attack reacoom?!
for crying out loud, your softness makes me want to vomit!
the ground's surface has been blown away, and the planet's shape has changed...
what a terrifying beast!
that sneak attack just now was a pretty good one.
coming down from directly above shut my mouth.
as a result, my teeth are messed up. i think i might be a little bit mad.
hey, butta, jheese!
let me take out these two little squirts, too!
do you mind? okay? do you mind?
what choice do we have?
okay, fine! do as you please.
in exchange, you're going to treat us to chocolate parfaits later!
okay! you heard him, maggot-kun.
(big fire toe attack').!
kuririn-san!
kuririn-san! kuririn-san!
m-my bones... how can this be?
with just one hit... this is what happens to me...
he's too much...
i-is this allowed?
and after having grand elder-san raise my power, too...
i-i'm no use at all...
s-shake it off, kuririn-san! kuririn-san!
f-frankly, we're finished...
we're powerless against them, and if we run, they'll catch us right away...
and the dragon balls have been taken from us...
there's nothing good about this...
tch! aw, man... i couldn't help myself, and hit him too hard.
i was planning to play around with him a little more, but too bad.
now then, for the next little pipsqueak's turn...
darn it!
g-gohan...
l-i'll do as much as i can! just you watch me!
this should be interesting.
darn it...
reacoom is an incredible foe.
will gohan be able to get through this greatest of pinches?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in the face of the overwhelming power of the ginyu special corps' reacoom,
vegeta had at length fallen into the worst of all crises.
however, just then...
hey, butta, jheese!
let me take out these two little squirts, too!
but then, kuririn fell, too.
kuririn-san!
f-frankly, we're finished...
we're powerless against them, and if we run, they'll catch us...
and the dragon balls have been taken from us...
there's nothing good about this...
l-i'll do as much as i can!
"don't die, gohan! goku finally touches down on the battlefield."
yeah, that's right, short stuff, do as much as you can.
i, reacoom-san, will let you match up against me, okay?
darn it!
ultimately, we're not going to get a turn, huh?
that's okay.
taking out those two runts wouldn't give us anything to boast about anyhow.
g-gohan...
that's pretty good.
how about this, though?
all righty...
masenkou.!
did you see that?
yeah, for just a second, his battle power was over 20,000.
gohan...
wow, you're good, you're good. you made my handsies smart.
now then...
take this!
g-gohan!
oh, my. is something the matter, goku-chan's wife?
gohan-chan is in a terrible fix.
gohan-chan...
my gohan-chan...
cheer up, missus. gohan-chan will be fine. my bulma said so.
is it ready?!
oh, is that you, chichi-san? have a look at how wonderfully this is turning out.
you wouldn't think that i put it together in just two days, would you?
i'll tell you, this second one was a lot easier than the last one.
i even nailed down the right location for the speakers.
all i need to do now is a test flight.
just you wait, gohan! ma is comin' to save you right now!
hey, chichi-san, won't you let me explain how to use it before you go?!
just which one of these is the startin' switch?!
hey, just a minute, i say!
g-gohan!
there, didn't i tell you so?
gohan-chan!
still alive?
good, good!
magnificent, ginyu-san.
i would not have expected you to bring me all seven dragon balls so quickly.
it was worth it to call in the ginyu special corps, all right.
it gives me, ginyu, no greater joy than to have you say so, freeza-sama.
this means that i am about to acquire eternal life.
what wonderful joy.
if you would like, shall i dance the dance of joy?
p-perhaps you could do that next time.
really?
who would have thought the immortal youth i dreamed about would come true?
even i, of all people, am starting to get excited.
the birth of the perfect and everlasting
ruler of the universe is about to happen, isn't that right?
now, dragon balls, give me, freeza-sama, eternal life and youth!
wh-what was that?
i've got an odd feeling of uneasiness.
no doubt about it,
the hands of evil will be extended toward grand elder-sama in the very near future!
forgive me, earthlings. i have a duty to protect grand elder-sama!
darn it...
father!
you got up, did you?
you got up, yo " 9 t " p!
i won't be beaten. not by you.
i won't... be beaten...
what have we here? did you mean for that to be an attack?
n-nothing is happening, huh? have you become immortally young yet?
n-no, i do not believe so.
wh-why?
g-go on, take it.
even if you do get the dragon balls together,
you guys won't be able to get your wish granted anyhow.
as i recall, when i took the second dragon ball, that is what the namekian said.
i thought he was just being a poor loser.
"you guys." that is exactly what he said. "you guys."
there has to be some sort of passcode for these!
a secret passcode to grant wishes, that only the namekians know!
a password! a place! or perhaps a way of arranging the balls!
we will have to ask a namekian for it.
a namekian? are there any of them still surviving anywhere?
th-this reading is from vegeta and company.
it's possible that vegeta or the others know what it is.
l-in that case, i must stop my men from killing vegeta!
have a look at point 8829401.
there are two readings which i believe could be namekians.
there is also a reading that is approaching that point.
we have not once attacked this area, so they must be survivors, yes?
well then, i will go there at once and force them to tell me how to get a wish granted.
that will not be necessary. i will go ask them directly.
after all, i am more accustomed to dealing with these people.
ginyu-san, please stay here and keep watch over the dragon balls.
yes, sir, understood. please leave everything to me.
now, to go flying...
i won't be beaten...
g-gohan...
i have to... defeat you guys... for piccolo-sen... yamucha-san...
tenshinhan-san... chaozu-san...
or i can't bring anyone back to life!
all right, here i come!
(reacoom bomber').!
5 , 9 , 9o, 90. go. go, go! go!
whoops, i'm over here!
have you finally reached your limit?
d-don't get up anymore, gohan...
darn it...
i-i am... father's...
s-son goku's... son...
you won't... you won't...
oho, you still have enough energy left to be spouting that sort of nonsense, huh?
i don't know what planet you're from, kid, but this is surprising.
your opponent is too much for you, huh?
i won't be beaten!!
whoa!
he's just about ready to croak. he doesn't have any battle power left.
of course not. his neck has been broken.
gohan!
p-pathetic little brat... and here i thought he'd gotten a little better...
gohan-chan...
yo, are you awake?
are you all right, missus?
gohan-chan is... gohan-chan is...!
oh, my...
sheesh...
these guys were all just worthless scum.
i don't understand why freeza-sama expressly called in the ginyu special corps for this.
well, nonetheless, i guess i should finish off all three of them.
what's that?
it's a ship. it's landing.
at last, goku had touched down.
goku, rescue the desperate gohan and friends from the devilish hands of reacoom!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
all seven dragon balls had finally fallen into freeza's hands. however...
n-nothing is happening, huh?
there has to be some sort of passcode for these!
meanwhile, gohan was about to lose his young life
before the overwhelming power of reacoom.
i won't be beaten by you!
however, just then...
what's that?
it's a ship. a ship has landed.
"uncommon strength!! son goku, the legendary super saiyan."
no doubt about it. goku has landed on planet namek.
son...
touchdown. touchdown on planet namek.
disembarkation okay. disembarkation okay. opening door. opening door.
what's this? whose spaceship is that?
it's goku! goku has finally arrived!
i have to find those three quickly.
be alive, kuririn, gohan, and bulma.
there's one over this way...
and one over that way...
what is this?
this place is packed with guys that have ridiculously enormous ki.
gohan! kuririn is in bad shape, too! both of them are near death!
they're close, where those three other huge ki are gathered.
i'll be right there. just hang in there.
now's the time when i show off the results
of the 100-times gravity training i went through.
gohan...
k-kakarrot, you bastard... are you finally here?
goku...
kuririn, i'll give you a senzu bean right away too, okay?
okay, gohan, here's a senzu. eat it.
gohan! hey, gohan!
it's no good. your neck is broken, and you're barely breathing.
all right, that's okay, daddy will feed it to you.
h-hey! who are you?!
one of those kids' friends?
i'm going to force it down, okay?
he just up and shows up in front of us.
who is this guy? he was pretty fast.
that bastard might be even faster than you, huh?
ha! stop joking around.
don't count me alongside that guy with the trash-level battle power.
yo! can you stand?
f-father!
d-did you come for us?
hey, that kid who was nearly dead is now...!
h-how did he do that?
are you okay, gohan?
father, be careful! those guys are...
hold on, gohan.
i have to go give kuririn a senzu, too.
o-okay...
you had a real rough time of it, didn't you, gohan?
yes, i was helpless.
why has vegeta taken such heavy damage, too?
he was beaten up by that pineapple-headed one.
that guy has incredible strength.
goku...
kuririn, sorry to keep you waiting.
here's a senzu.
i'm sort of happy, and yet sort of unhappy...
unhappy?
again?!
he's recovered, as well.
wh-what is going on here?
what the hell did they...?
goku, you must know how strong those guys are, right?
the senzu may have restored us,
but we're just going to get done in again.
as disappointing as it is to say,
this is too much for even you to handle, goku.
those guys' strength is in a whole other league.
even vegeta is absolutely no match for them.
oh, right, right...
now that you mention it, why was vegeta beaten up by them?
ain't they on the same side?
yeah, apparently, they used to be on the same side...
you don't have to talk. let me probe you.
p-probe?
f-father?
i see...
i understand a lot now.
like how you two have raised your powers so much,
and how bulma is safe.
the way the dragon balls were taken from you, this freeza guy,
and those guys over there, as well.
y-you're kidding, right?! how could you know that?!
i don't know. i just had a feeling that if i did that, i would know.
apparently, vegeta is the same nasty guy as ever, but whatever the reasons,
it looks like he saved your lives during this fight, huh?
wh-when did you gain this ability?
there's only one senzu left, huh?
vegeta!
eat that!
that was the last one, right? why?
father .
what is this? my body is...!
th-that was stupid!
were you planning to heal him and have the four of us fight?
that won't do any good!
that ain't why.
i want to settle the score with him later on earth.
s-settle the score with him later? you mean...?
yeah.
h-hey!
i'm going to take care of these guys alone!
take care of them alone?!
father!
you're going to take care of us alone, you say?
you're a strange bastard.
what is he thinking? he hasn't gone crazy, has he?
whatever he does, there's no way he can beat them.
wh-what's wrong with you, father?
at least make this a little bit entertaining.
hey, how much battle power does this trash bug have?
he really is a trash bug!
his battle power is only about 5,000!
oh, that's disappointing. he's just a big grandstander, huh?
this is strange, all right. why is he so unusually calm?
doesn't he know what his opponent's capabilities are?
that can't be right.
but i don't sense even a trace of bloodlust from him.
d-don't tell me!
that bastard...
(he)', hey, hey, are you all right?
what are you trying to do with a battle power as puny as that?
j-just a minute, i say! m-my gohan-chan is in trouble! i can't just sit around!
this is it, right? go on, hurry and call gohan-chan!
l-i don't know what sort of intuition or whatever you've felt,
but there's no need to panic.
hurry it "p!
o-okay...
hey, bulma, do you read me? hey, i say!
hey!
l-it's from dad.
hello? dad?
is that you, bulma?
what's happened to son-kun?! when is he going to arrive?
it's been six days already!
what, hasn't he arrived yet? that's strange.
maybe i messed up my calculations.
what about gohan-chan?! how is gohan-chan doin?!
chichi-san...
is he safe? tell me he's safe!
l-i don't know if he is!
i'm the one who wants to know what's going on here.
huh? this guy is crazy, all right.
he's about to be killed, and here he is, smiling.
you can't beat me.
i can tell without even fighting you.
of all the things he might have said!
hey! did you hear that?
this trash bug is talking outrageously big!
h-he's funny in the head, all right.
he was never the sort to talk big, either.
father, you don't, by any chance, not realize your opponent's power, do you?
d-don't tell me! no, that can't be possible!
there's no way that lower-class fighter kakarrot...
could ever become a legendary super saiyan!
i can't take any more jokes from such a deeply stupid bastard as you.
i'll shut you up forever in no time flat.
th-they say that super saiyans appear only once in a millennium.
a super saiyan, who can surpass barriers that even the most gifted warriors cannot...
it couldn't be... that's just a ridiculous fable!
e-even if the legend is true,
i'm the only one who has the potential to become a super saiyan!
okay, are you ready?
ginyu special corps, reacoom mach...
punch!!
whoop-oop-oop-00p-o0p...
he vanished!
huh? this can't be... he's nowhere.
wh-what them?
h-hey, what the hell is this?
what?!
wh-why, you!
when did you manage to...?
what?!
he's over there?!
looks like vegeta is the only one who caught where goku was.
w-was he able to see him move just now?
you guys are in league with that bad guy freeza too, aren't you?
you can get away now without getting hurt.
you'd better get out of here.
wh-what them?
wh-why, you bastard!
looks like you're pretty sure of your speed, at least.
but no matter how long this lasts,
you can't win if all you ever do is run away.
all right, if that's how you want it, let me show you my best move.
i'll warn you, though,
no matter how fast you run away, it won't do you any good.
after all, reacoom-sama is going to blow away
anything within a fairly widespread area.
we'll find out what kakarrot's true worth is this time.
have you made your peace?
i'm going to send all four of you into the next world!
reacoom...
y-y-yikes!
ultra...
fighting...
miracle...
sorry about that.
you just left yourself so wide open, i couldn't help it.
sorry, sorry.
y-y-you b-bastard...
d-did father defeat him?
h-he couldn't have... they're kidding, right?
however much that attack took him by surprise,
he took the guy that vegeta and we couldn't do anything against,
no matter how hard we attacked him...
with... with just one blow...
wh-what's going on? reacoom is...
that attack should have been nothing.
d-damn it all!
th-that was no ordinary attack! you can't fool my eyes!
that was an incredibly heavy strike!
h-he's clearly beyond a saiyan combat level.
but exactly why is he?
what the hell kind of special training did he do?
is the legend true?
is he... is he... a super saiyan?!
the super saiyan...
had goku now become the legendary warrior that even vegeta held in awe?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku, whom everyone had been waiting for, had finally come.
his battle power is like that of a trash bug.
you can't beat me. i can tell without even fighting you.
d-don't tell me!
i'm going to send all four of you into the next world!
reacoom...
ultra...
fighting...
miracle...
attack!!
amazingly, he defeated reacoom with just one blow!
l-is he a super saiyan?!
"lightning balls of red and blue! jheese and butta attack goku."
what are you guys going to do?!
are you going to go back to your own planet now?!
or would you rather be knocked flat, like this guy?!
did you hear that, butta?
that manly-man is spouting that drivel again.
yeah, he seems to be under the mistaken impression
that he defeated reacoom by force.
it was just a strange coincidence,
overlapping with reacoom letting his guard down. right?
yeah, of course it was just by chance.
his battle power rating barely changed at all.
wh-what's going on with goku being so self-possessed?
f-father...
the ginyu special corps' red magma...
jheese!
and the blue hurricane...
butta!
so you ain't leaving, then?
kakarrot has them beat.
here we go!
yeah!
this is getting boring!
he's not playing with us at all, is he?
are you sure he's not just too scared to move?
well, well, it turns out he's just a big idiot, full of hot air!
l-it must be that their speed is so great that goku can't move.
hey, jheese!
you're playing around too much!
what about you? you could stand to take a shot at him yourself!
gohan, get out of the way!
l-it can't be!
he's a sassy bastard! we're the ginyu special corps!
you can't go on mocking us forever...
wh-why, you...!
whatever you say,
but are you sure you guys ain't leaving yourselves open too much?
what did you say?!
wh...
why, you...!
wh-what was that?!
what the hell did you just do?!
a kiai shout... he sent them flying with just a kiai shout.
i have finally gotten all seven dragon balls together.
now i will be able to obtain eternal life.
how silly of me.
who would have thought that i would need a passcode to have my wish granted?
be that as it may, we will see whether or not the surviving namekians...
will be accommodating enough to tell me what the passcode is.
grand elder-sama...
wrong!
how many times do i have to tell you?! huh?!
your right leg goes like this!
remember, i'm thinking up an ultra fighting pose
that's far cooler than anything else up until now.
freeza-sama will be seeing this, so be dependable practice dummies.
i know! if you can pull this off well, i'll give you this.
i'm so nice, aren't i?
all right, let's go!
r-reacoom!
b-butta!
j-jheese!
g-ghurd!
ginyu!
together we are the ginyu special corps!
"smack."
don't touch the dragon balls!
those are the precious dragon balls that freeza-sama has entrusted to me.
why did you touch them?!
w-well... l, uh...
why?!
i see.
if you want to touch them so badly, then maybe i'll let you.
go on, try to touch them.
if you are able to touch them, even a little bit,
i will give you all two caramels each.
come on, come on, what's the matter with you?!
you won't become stronger warriors like this,
no matter how long you work at it!
k-kuririn-san, do you get the feeling those two aren't as strong as we thought?
they can't lay a hand on father.
th-that can't be right.
they have about the same amount of ki as reacoom,
and not even vegeta could do anything against him.
maybe goku is just so overly strong that those guys
don't look all that tough compared to him.
i'm not so sure. father's ki seems so much more smaller than theirs.
wh-what's going on here?!
his battle power is only 5,000, no question about it!
but my attacks aren't even grazing him.
kakarrot is sharply raising his battle power for the briefest instant,
right when they attack.
probably to avoid consuming any unnecessary energy.
it's such a brief moment that the scouters probably can't pick it up.
h-he has an incredible battle power.
how does he have that kind of power?
this is pissing me off!
i'm not about to let that little fart make a fool of me!
hey, jheese!
let's do the purple comet crush!
the purple comet crush, huh? that sounds good!
all right, let's do it, butta!
yeah!
what?! what's going on?!
geez!
what could they all be doing, abandoning a fragile lady here like this?!
that goes for son-kun, too! just saying he fell behind schedule isn't good enough!
as soon as he gets here, i'll have to have him take me straight home.
if i have to stay here too long,
my skin will be damaged, and my good looks will be ruined!
i want to go home to earth.
what in the world is this?!
that bastard!
jheese!
huh? what, butta?
at this point, you should launch your crusher ball.
knowing his speed, he'll probably dodge it and run away.
what are you going to do?
isn't it obvious?
i'm going to smash him from the back as he's frantically getting out of the way.
however fast he might be, i'm still the fastest in the universe.
all right.
although, why should we have to, against that scum?
dammit!
crusher...
 balm.
come on, now...
what's wrong?! why isn't he dodging it?!
he deflected it!
d-damn it!
huh?
dammit, where did he go?!
behind you, butta!
yo.
goku's power far exceeds that of the ginyu special corps.
has goku become that legendary warrior, a super saiyan, after all?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
why are they having no effect?!
crusher...
ball!
he deflected it!
damn it!
goku's strength is surprising.
however, he still does not appear to be taking this fight seriously.
"at last, a direct confrontationl! commander ginyu takes the field."
where did he go?
behind you, butta!
what?!
yo.
h-how did you get behind me?!
behind me, who prides himself on being the fastest in the universe!
then maybe you're second-fastest in the universe, ain't you?
h-how can this be?
not only did he repel my crusher ball, he managed to slip behind butta!
it's as if i'm having a bad dream.
who are you?!
i am a saiyan, who was raised on earth... i guess.
don't be ridiculous!
how can a saiyan have that kind of speed?!
how should i know? it must be from my having trained so hard.
still, you can't win on speed alone!
not if all you're doing is running away!
once you've worn yourself out running away, you'll lose those sharp reflexes,
and then you'll die!
go ahead, dodge me!
c-can you see that?
not at all.
dammit!
how can members of the ginyu special corps
let that runt make fools of them?!
it's all you can do to just evade me!
i could defeat you right now!
we'll see about that.
what do you think you're doing?!
what about you? where were you looking?!
what?!
why you...
hold on. this is no time to be fighting each other.
r-right.
shall i show you then?
how there's more to me than just speed?
what?! what?!
i hope you understand now. give up this senseless fight.
this guy, and the one before him, are both still alive.
hurry up and take the two of them and get off this planet.
d-don't be a fool! kakarrot, finish them! finish them off!
these two are all beat up.
there's no need to kill them for no reason!
h-how can this be? we're the ginyu special corps, you know!
w-we're a super elite fighting force,
comprised of the five best warriors in all the universe!
how can we be beaten by such a low-level fighter?!
this is a nightmare!
i'm going to be done in, and there's nothing i can do!
he's running away!
there's no helping some people, huh?
he just left his friends behind.
sorry, guys, there ain't any senzu left.
hey...
a-are you really goku?
yeah. i've just been through some incredible training is all.
vegeta!
how could you?! i told you there was no need to finish them off!
those guys couldn't even move.
it utterly sickens me with how lenient you always are!
why did you let that other one get away?
with your strength now, you could have easily disposed of him!
it appears that you were unable to fully become a super saiyan after all.
super saiyan?
you seem to be proud with how overwhelmingly strong you've become,
but even so, there's no way you can beat freeza.
not unless you make yourself immortal or something.
you have no idea how terrible freeza is!
i hate to sound like i'm blowing my own horn,
but i think i've become a lot stronger.
even so, you say that there's no way i can defeat this freeza guy?
that's right. if you plan on fighting him, then brace yourself.
freeza's strength goes far beyond anything you can even imagine.
a-are you sure you're not exaggerating a little bit?
i mean, you saw goku's strength just now, right?
those guys were powerless against him!
is there anyone who can beat goku now?
in that case, go ahead and try fighting him.
what's even worse is that by now,
freeza has probably become immortally young with the dragon balls.
any way you cut it, there's no way to beat him now.
we can only pray that we don't run into him.
i don't think he's made his wish yet.
wh-what? how can you tell?!
if the dragon balls here are the same as the dragon balls on earth,
then when shen long appears, the sky is supposed to get dark, right?
but up to now, the sky has remained bright.
i don't think it's happened yet.
s-shen long? what is that?
wh-when you get the dragon balls together, does something come out?
th-that's it! i've got it! he doesn't know what the password is!
he must think that just gathering all seven dragon balls together will grant him his wish.
a password? you need that too?
there's still a chance for us to get our wish granted!
oh, yeah!
hey, gohan! we still might be able to bring our dead friends back to life!
hooray!
isn't that great, gohan?
yeah!
yay! we're saved!
goku, that means we have to get the dragon balls back, huh?
that's right.
s-shen long...
to think that these things can grant any wish...
after freeza-sama gets the password from the namekians,
he'll be able to obtain eternal life...
which means the whole universe will belong to freeza.
what a wonderful thought.
what did you say?! ghurd, reacoom, and butta were all killed?!
yes, by some unbelievable kind of guy.
don't be ridiculous!
we are the ginyu special corps!
with the exception of freeza-sama,
there is no one in the world stronger than the ginyu special corps!
th-that's what i thought too, but the fact remains...
so, having those three battle ability ratings disappear
wasn't a scouter malfunction, huh?
should we contact freeza-sama?
you must be joking! how can we tell him such shameful news?!
it's a good thing freeza-sama is not here.
i, commander ginyu, will give you an example of how a real battle is to be waged.
l-if you please.
hide the dragon balls!
if anything happens to them, you will suffer the wrath of freeza-sama!
yes, sir!
hey you guys, this isn't a game! hurry up!
yes, sir!
there, no one will find them now.
all right then, we're off.
i'm going to show them meticulously just how dreadful i can be.
ginyu special corps, move out!
sure enough, it doesn't have the same impact with only two of us.
and i just got done thinking up a new one, too...
i don't know who you are, but you're going to pay! you're going to pay!
i've had it with dad.
how can he say that son-kun should have already landed on namek?
once son-kun gets here, i should be the first one he comes and saves.
i've been looking after son-kun ever since he was little.
it's no use. these are all beyond repair. i don't care anymore!
i wonder if son-kun has landed yet.
it would be great if we could get the dragon balls back from them somehow.
vegeta, you know them pretty well, right?
is there any way to go about it?
weren't you planning to defeat freeza?
i'd like to if possible, but first, we have to bring everyone
who you killed on earth back to life.
come to think of it, kaio-sama told me not to fight freeza, no matter what.
even if you get such a worthless wish granted, it won't do any good
if freeza just comes along and wipes out all of earth soon after, will it?
instead, let me wish myself immortally young.
you've got to be kidding!
letting you do that is no different from letting freeza do so, is it?!
there are two battle powers headed this way!
so, he's gracing us with his presence?
you let jheese get away, and now he's returning with commander ginyu.
this time, no matter how strong you may be,
you're going to have one tough opponent to handle.
him, huh? this one is going to be trouble all right, goku.
wait a minute, where's freeza?
now that he's got the dragon balls from ginyu,
he should be at his spaceship.
looks like he ain't there any more.
i can feel a strong ki way off in this direction.
that's probably freeza.
b-but that direction is...
oh no! that's where grand elder-san is!
grand elder?
i get it! freeza was unable to get his wish granted,
so now he's headed off to ask a namekian directly about it!
what? you mean there's still some surviving namekians?
that's probably the one who created the dragon balls here.
yeah, that would be grand elder-san.
th-this is bad!
once he finds out how to get his wish granted,
he's certain to kill grand elder-san and the others!
and if grand elder-san dies...
once i pass away, the dragon balls will also disappear.
he doesn't know that if grand elder-san dies,
the dragon balls will be lost too!
wh-what?
they're here!
you certainly made a mockery of us earlier, huh?
now the commander is here to personally make you suffer the consequences!
how about it, goku? do you have a chance of winning this time, too?
i won't know until i try.
this guy sure appears to have an impressive level of strength, after all.
i see, so this is him, huh?
his battle power reads about 5,000.
that's right, only 5,000. strange, isn't it?
you idiot!
you were made to look like fools because you only relied on the scouter's rating.
no doubt he just raised his battle power dramatically for just a moment.
that's the type he is.
in my estimation, i'd say he has an actual battle power of around 60,000.
60,000? but he's a saiyan! i've never heard of a saiyan with a 60,000 rating.
it's not unheard of. he was probably born an extremely gifted warrior,
some kind of mutant, just like we were.
this is shaping up to be a fight more interesting than any
i've experienced before.
i didn't think the time would ever come when ginyu-sama
would have to display his true power.
i'll keep them busy. you guys use the dragon radar to find the dragon balls.
they're probably still near their spaceship.
if i'm able to defeat these guys, i'll join you shortly.
don't sound so discouraging! make sure you beat them!
right.
okay, let's go! we have to hurry, before grand elder-san gets killed.
he may already have been...
at any rate, hurry!
vegeta, you take care of the other one.
now that you've recovered from being near death,
your power should be much greater.
he's no longer an unbeatable opponent, right?
you knew about that, huh?
really?
all right, get going! and be careful!
we're off!
good luck, goku!
they' re getting away!
let them go. they're small fry.
damn it, let there still be time!
hang in there, grand elder-san.
all right, we're up, too.
guess we've got no choice.
see you later, kakarrot!
vegeta!
your guard is down!
vegeta's ambitions are frightful.
and now, a direct battle between goku and ginyu begins.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
after goku had defeated reacoom, and then butta, ginyu had appeared before him.
elsewhere, having gathered all seven dragon balls together,
freeza was speeding toward the grand elder's location,
in order to learn the password to have his wish granted.
you guys use the dragon radar to locate the dragon balls.
vegeta, you take care of the other one.
now that you've recovered from being near death,
your power should be greatly increased.
he's no longer an unbeatable opponent.
you knew about that, huh?
we're off!
good luck, goku!
all right, we're up, too.
this is going to be a more interesting fight than any i've ever had before...
"incredible force!! did you see goku's full power?"
vegeta!
your guard is down!
he got him!
yow... damn that vegeta...
i see now, you're a lot better than i expected.
and having vegeta run off on you like that must have hurt too.
i have to end this quickly.
otherwise, what little hope we have will be lost.
this is a nice development.
from what i saw, kakarrot and ginyu both have about the same level of ability.
if i'm lucky, the two of them might just take care of each other.
if that happens, i can't fail!
as soon as i get the password to have my wish granted out of those runts,
i'll take care of them, too.
then, once i make myself immortally young,
i'll have a chance of beating even freeza in battle!
gohan, no matter what it takes, we have to borrow the dragon radar from bulma-san,
and find the dragon balls before freeza gets the password from grand elder-san.
right!
you certainly have impressive speed for a saiyan.
ginyu special corps commander, ginyu...
 super fighting pose!!
like this?
f-fool! your feet are reversed! your feet!
oh, really?
you know, you guys all pose in the strangest ways, huh?
i've never seen anything like it.
wh-what?! can't you grasp the splendor of the ultra fighting pose?!
it doesn't matter to me either way, i'm running out of time.
sorry to interrupt your big entrance,
but i have to end this right now.
oh, aren't you the confident one?
this is the first time that i, ginyu-sama, have heard such insolence.
if you had dared to come off to me like that while we were sizing each other up earlier,
i would not have hesitated to knock you off your perch.
you see, like yourself,
i'm the type of fighter who can change his level of battle power at will.
that's the commander ginyu i know so well. he's not at all agitated.
that's no surprise, i guess.
even if that guy's battle power really is around 60,000,
then commander ginyu's maximum fighting power is much higher.
yikes!
geez! what could everyone else possibly be up to while i'm here
struggling by myself like this?
how do i know they haven't all forgotten about me and aren't just goofing around now?
good grief, first my spaceship gets all broken, and i can't go back to earth.
then my transmitter gets all broken.
nothing is going right.
all right, it's fixed!
that certainly did take up a lot of time and effort.
wh-what was that just now?
a-all seven of them are in the same place, aren't they?
l-i'll just bet they were going to leave me behind,
while they went and made their wish to shen long! all right!
but suppose the person who has gathered the dragon balls is vegeta, instead?
not again!
wh-what is it with this planet anyway?
i know! even if it is vegeta, i can just say, "send me back to earth" first!
hey, that's simple enough, isn't it?
with that settled, i'm off to the dragon balls!
let's go!
all right...
he's fast! he might have the edge on speed!
oh, crap!
i managed to bottle you up there pretty good!
dammit!
commander! he's all ours now!
damn... he's got incredible power! i can't get free!
commander! you can shatter his bones any time now, and finish him off!
l-i'm out of options! at this point, i'll have to use kaio-ken...
wham?
c-commander!
who asked you to help, jheese?
c-commander!
if you pull anything uncalled-for like that again, consider yourself dead!
yes, sir.
and as for you!
you're still hiding your true power level, even now!
did you really think i wouldn't be able to tell?
perhaps you were planning on saving that energy for a battle with freeza-sama.
don't you dare take me so lightly!
i'm itching for a good fight, the kind i don't get to enjoy every day,
so cut out your silly charade!
okay, you got it. i'll show you my true power.
very good. i doubt you'll be able to rest in peace
if you're killed without using all of your power.
use that device of yours that reads your opponent's power,
and take a good look at my rating!
i won't even need to look at my scouter.
your rating should only rise to around 85,000.
kaio-ken'.!
90,000!
95,000!
100,000... 105,000... 106,000... 107,000...
108,000!
i-impossible!
109,000...
110,000!
110,000! it can't be!
l-it's still going up!
incredible, goku!
his power continues to rise, not knowing where to stop...
just what is goku's true power?
exactly how much is it?
and what is ginyu's true power?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
ginyu, commander of the ginyu special corps,
attacks with a frighteningly destructive power!
however, goku did not fall behind.
in fact, goku's true power may be even greater than ginyu's!
kaio-ken'.!
90,000... 105,000... 110,000...
it's still going up!
"what of the battle's outcome!? freeza's evil hand closes around the grand elder."
117,000... unbelievable!
even commander ginyu's highest battle rating only reached 120,000.
120,000... 130,000...
140,000!
in all the universe, i should be the one whose strength is second only to freeza's!
150,000! how can this be?!
sum it!
why you!
180,000?!
l-i can't believe it! this is your true power?!
n-no wonder we didn't stand a chance against him!
how can a saiyan be so strong?
and just so we're clear,
i can momentarily put out much more power than even this!
what?!
you can't possibly...
you can't possibly be...
how awful! i want to get away from this planet soon!
the dragon balls can grant any wish...
grand elder-sama, it's nail-san!
i know.
why have you returned?
have i not charged you with the task of assisting the people from earth?
my sincerest apologies.
however, it is my duty, above all others, to defend your life, grand elder-sama.
even so...
if you die, grand elder-sama, the dragon balls will also disappear.
if that happens, then the earthlings' wish cannot be granted.
very well.
it's just over there, kuririn-san.
okay. h u rry!
bulma-san!
we're here for the dragon radar!
bulma-san!
bulma-san! please come out from wherever you're hiding!
good grief. and us without a moment to lose.
she's never around when it's really important, huh?
kuririn-san, look!
jet-bike tracks!
where do you suppose bulma-san would have gone on a jet-bike?
you don't suppose
she's decided to go off touring namek or something at a time like this?
touring?
we'll follow her!
we have to get the radar from her and locate the dragon balls before we run out of time!
right!
there it is.
sure enough, it appears that he finally sniffed this place out.
he's almost here.
dende, come here.
right.
go to them, dende.
the earthlings stand in need of you.
i've drawn out the power within you,
so you should be able to arrive in a short amount of time.
b-but...
go now.
very well. grand elder-sama, please don't die on us!
i wonder, will i be killed, or will my time to pass on come first?
y-you can't possibly be a...
"super saiya", can you?!
you know, vegeta said the same kind of thing earlier.
but i have no idea what you guys are talking about.
a super saiyan! a legendary warrior stronger than any other!
how can this be?!
h-he's a... he's a...
super saiyan, the only thing freeza-sama is afraid of?!
sorry, but there ain't any way that you can beat me.
i don't want to fight a meaningless battle.
you guys get off this planet.
wh-what? do you really mean that?
i really mean it. especially you. you're a much fairer warrior than i thought.
i don't want to kill you.
you don't want to kill me?
you don't want to fight meaningless battles?
get off this planet?
a super saiyan is supposed to be
the strongest warrior in the universe, who loves to fight.
s-so then,
you're not a super saiyan, are you?
you have not completely become a super saiyan.
i see... you are not a super saiyan after all.
is that right?
i see. so that is where the namekians are.
oh, very well. i suppose i can leave such a speck of dust alone.
he is here.
what do you want?
my name is freeza,
and i have a wish that i would like to have granted with the dragon balls.
i have managed to gather all seven dragon balls together,
but for whatever reason, i cannot seem to get my wish granted.
and so i was hoping you could tell me,
how does one get their wish granted?
i must ask you to leave. i cannot tell that to anyone who is evil.
well, well, you still have some friends around, do you?
they must have fairly low battle powers.
my scouter did not pick them up until just now, after all.
those guys!
looks like we're in time.
yeah.
s-stop! don't do it! you don't have a chance against him!
maybe we don't have a chance, but we can still land a punch or two!
after all, we're warrior-types too, just like you are.
warrior-types?
oh, all three of you have battle powers of around 10,000.
i suppose i should expect as much from warriors of this planet.
as far as i am concerned, however, you are still like rubbish to me.
what did you call us?!
stop it! your deaths will be meaningless!
nail, you take care of grand elder-sama.
my children...
do you know the password for the dragon balls?
well?
no, i suppose that rubbish like you would not know.
it was silly of me to have even asked.
i think it would be best for you to accommodate me.
there is no reason why i should not kill you.
there are two of you here, are there not?
either one of you would be acceptable in answering my request.
you can do as you wish. but before we fight, i will say this much:
the other one, who resides within this house,
is the grand elder-sama of planet namek.
the dragon balls are the creation of this grand elder-sama.
listen well, and get this through that head of yours!
if you kill grand elder-sama, the dragon balls will also disappear!
grand elder?
now i see. apparently, you are telling the truth.
he is certainly different from the other namekians.
grand elder-san, i do not suppose that you
would be of a mind to tell me, would you?
however, you would not refuse to tell me if this gentleman here
were about to be killed, would you?
nail will not be as easy to defeat as you may think.
he is the strongest of the warrior-type namekians.
you will not be able to do to him
as you have the other namekians you have killed up to now.
it appears you have no intention of telling me, no matter what, do you?
i'm counting on you, nail. buy us as much time as you can.
understood.
very well. if you are going to be as stubborn as this,
then i will show you the terror of the strongest being in the universe.
you are not a super saiyan.
but you are at least far stronger than i am.
such incredible strength!
freeza's evil grasp closes around the grand elder and nail.
will they be able to keep the secret of the dragon balls safe?
and what will be the outcome of the fight between goku and ginyu?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
wh-what's this? goku's battle power is 180,000!
even ginyu is stunned by this!
however, at that time, freeza's devilish hand was already closing around the grand elder,
so he could learn the passcode needed to have one's wish granted by the dragon balls.
i will show you the terror of the strongest being in the universe.
"surprise!! goku is ginyu and ginyu is goku."
how audacious it was for them to attempt to inflict even one injury upon me.
such extreme examples of those who did not keep their places.
now then, grand elder-san, it would appear that there is
still one foolish individual out here who does not know his place.
i believe that if this gentleman were about to be killed,
you would soon change your mind and tell me
how to have the dragon balls grant my wish.
you will also regret not having spoken up sooner,
while you were still unharmed.
if you like, we can spare your life right here and now.
you've probably already realized this,
but grand elder-sama has only a short time left to live.
it would be bad for you and i both
if we were to fight here, with him caught in the middle.
we will change our location.
i do not anticipate the extent of our fight to be that great, but very well.
anywhere you like.
my apologies, nail. please find a way to hold out
long enough for dende to reach the earthlings.
at this point, the fate of our planet rests in their hands.
c-commander ginyu!
what are you laughing about?
how can i not laugh about this?
i didn't think anyone could be as strong as you.
so why laugh?
because i'm happy to have found someone much stronger than even i, ginyu-sama.
yes, yes! such strength!
i'm so happy! i'm so happy!
it's been quite a while since i've been so happy!
i'm so glad to be alive!
wh-what?!
jheese...
y-yes, sir.
s-so that's it! commander ginyu...
take care that you do not drop my scouter.
that's it, all right!
how far away are you going?
this is far enough!
there is no need to distance ourselves any farther than this, is there?
i suppose not.
my, my. those who wish to die certainly account
for a large number of this planet's inhabitants.
how troubling.
this is amazing! your battle power has risen to 42,000.
i see now. you certainly are quite different from the other namekians.
i am surprised. it is a wonderful battle power.
you certainly live up to your classification as a "warrior-type."
i wish you were among my ranks.
well, shall i inform you of the battle power rating which i possess,
to use as a reference as you begin your fight against me?
my battle power rating is...
530,000.
however, naturally i do not intend to use my full power against you,
so you need not worry.
what?!
i know! what if i were to fight using only my left hand for you?
that might make it more enjoyable.
enough!
no, this will not do. here i stretched out my neck for you
so that you could not miss, and this is all you have?
on the other hand, this is about right for someone at 42,000.
oh my, that was impolite of me.
i will return it to you.
you should not be straining yourself so, should you?
i think it would be best for you if you spoke, before you get killed.
this is a surprise!
you can regenerate?
although, while you may be back in one piece, your situation has not changed.
it appears that you cannot regenerate your energy, as well.
your battle power has dropped.
my, my. after having been shown how mismatched you are,
you still wish to continue?
i have no idea what the people of this planet must be thinking.
i will not allow you...
i will not allow you to...
wh-what is this? what is going on here, exactly?
does this planet have something personal against me, or something?
this time, i've had it for sure!
lucky! if i can just make it into that cave...
just a little farther...
i-i made it! i'm saved!
huh? have i been saved?
this is so mean of you!
this is it! this time for sure!
farewell, everyone!
yow!
what? what happened?
here.
stay back! you pervert, grabber, idiot, monster, whatever you are!
bulma-san!
g-gohan-kun! th-then...
how could you, bulma-san?
how terrible. there wasn't even any warning...
what have the two of you been up to?!
no sooner do you show up suddenly with vegeta and take the dragon ball away,
then you take off with him to someplace else!
now, i want to know just what's going on!
do you think you can just leave a delicate lady unattended out here
in such a dangerous place, and get away with it?!
b-b-but didn't we just rescue you from that dinosaur?
b-bulma-san, at any rate, we need the dragon radar!
if everything works out, we may still be able to get our wish granted!
what's this? you still haven't gotten our wish granted?
i saw from the radar all seven dragon balls had been gathered in one place.
i was sure you were the ones who had gotten them together,
and i was on my way to meet you.
and now what do i hear?
unbelievable. what sort of goofing-off have you been up to?
g-goofing-off, she says. scratch, scratch...
bulma-san, pardon me for a second.
kuririn-san, i've got it. it's that way!
okay, we' re off!
hold on! tell me what's going on!
we're in a hurry right now, so we'll explain later.
bulma-san, please wait for us back at that island.
huh?! you've got to be kidding! you expect me to walk back from here?
how can you? this is so mean of you!
oh yeah, father has arrived!
r-really? how is he? has he gotten much stronger?
gohan, let's hurry!
right!
son-kun, huh'?
i didn't think he would turn out as handsome as he did.
with yamucha as my boyfriend, all he and i have ever done is fight...
maybe i blew it.
wha... wha...
what are you doing?!
what the?
y-you're not a... super saiyan...
b-but i've still taken a liking... to that strong body of yours.
t-taken a liking?
s-sure enough, commander ginyu is planning on doing that...
amazing! how was he able to find that much power in his condition?
h-here it comes...
ch-changeu!
h-how come... i'm... over... there?
i've made an exchange, your body for mine.
y-you did what?
commander ginyu!
here's your scouter.
all right, we're returning to the ship.
freeza-sama may be on his way back, as well.
yes, sir!
this body is even faster!
i... can't... move!
so this is the reason why he injured himself...
oh no! at this rate i, i mean, he and kuririn will meet up!
dammit, not only am i unfamiliar with this body, but with this wound, i can't fly so well.
on top of that, if i manage to safely get back to earth,
i'll probably just get chichi angry at me again.
l-look at the face i've got now!
i'm done for!
what's this? goku and ginyu have exchanged bodies!
flying toward freeza's spaceship in search of the dragon balls were.
gohan, kuririn, vegeta, and ginyu!
the battle revolving around the dragon balls has taken yet another radical turn!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
(change').!
h-how come... i'm... over... there?
i've made an exchange, your body for mine.
you did what?
wh-what's this? goku and ginyu have switched bodies!
and now, vegeta...
gohan, kuririn...
ginyu, jheese...
and goku are all racing toward freeza's spaceship, to get the dragon balls!
"come forth, super shen long!! grant me my wish."
looks like freeza is out and about, all right.
and so then, right there, i told him...
wait, hold on now...
what's this?
what was that?! what's going on?!
wh-what was that explosion just now?!
v-v-v...
vegeta!
damn!
hey!
where are the dragon balls?
look at all of you, lined up so loyally!
if you don't want to tell me...
then you don't have to tell me.
lousy small fry.
you can swear your allegiance to freeza from the other side now.
damn it all, freeza...
seeing as how ginyu stayed behind,
the dragon balls must be around here somewhere.
in any event, those earth punks can locate them
with that strange device of theirs.
they should be here very shortly now.
until then, i'll see about changing into some new battle wear.
so, this is what it's like to have a body with a power of 180,000?
however, i think my previous face was more handsome. right, jheese?
absolutely!
l-i've got to go faster, or kuririn and gohan will get killed!
that way? no, this way!
ribbit... ribbit... ribbit...
damn it, i can't keep my balance very well in this body.
you know, there's something very unusual about the medicine kakarrot was using.
not only does it heal injuries,
but it completely restores one's strength as well.
the only ones in my size are the older models, huh?
we're almost there, kuririn-san!
kuririn-san, there it is!
g-got it! so that's their spaceship, huh?
so, you've arrived, earthlings.
it's no good if they realize i'm here.
i have to suppress my battle power, the way they do.
let's hurry and find them! no one else seems to be here.
kuririn-san, wait!
according to the readings on the radar,
the dragon balls aren't inside the ship, but away from it.
where are they, gohan?
let's see... this way.
right over here.
here they are, kuririn-san, here!
yeah, looks like something was buried here, all right.
why would they put them here?
okay, let's dig them out!
right!
here's one! i found one!
there's another one over here!
hooray! here's another!
looks like all seven are here after all!
so that's where they hid them, huh?
we've got them all! we've got them all!
good. now just summon that shen long thing.
i'll put you two away,
and then have my wish of eternal life and youth given to me!
we did it!
hey, gohan, what's that on your face?
well, what about you, kuririn-san?
hurry up and summon it, would you?!
we sure worked hard for this, huh?
yes. now piccolo-sen and everyone else can finally be brought back to life.
do it already! summon it!
okay, here goes. we've come such a long way for this moment.
let's have ourselves a look at what the original shen long looks like!
right.
come forth, shen long, and grant me my wish!
come forth, shen long, and grant me my wish!
the incantation is as simple as that?
wh-what's wrong? isn't something supposed to happen?
what is this shen long?
h-h-he's not coming out...
shen long isn't coming out. why not?
why isn't shen long blasting out of there?
maybe the incantation is a little different.
shen long, come forth! those dirty punks! what are they doing?
please grant us our wish! those dirty punks! what are they doing?
maybe his name isn't shen long.
that's strange.
kuririn-san, someone is coming this way!
hey, i can feel two ki! is it those two ginyu guys?
if so, does that mean that father was beaten?
things are turning for the worse again!
they're evil ki! there's no mistake,
it has to be those two from before!
wh-what happened to goku, then?
we've got to suppress our own ki and take cover, gohan!
right!
the dragon balls have been dug up!
what's going on?
how did anyone know where they were buried?
goku!
it's me, it's me! you sure surprised me!
i thought, "ginyu! it must be that ginyu guy coming!"
i didn't know you had beat him,
and convinced his pal to come over to our side.
are you the one that found the dragon balls here?
how did you know where they were?
what are you talking about, goku?
i used the dragon radar to find them, of course.
radar, did he say? damn, they've got something like that?
so, have you gotten your wish granted then?
that's the funny thing. it didn't work.
shen long won't appear. i can't figure out why.
the password may be different from what we use on earth.
so, it didn't work, huh?
goku, is something wrong with you? something about you...
it just doesn't seem right.
and how come you're wearing that scouter, or whatever it's called?
you really want to know?
kuririn-san! that isn't father!
kuririn-san, run!
so, there's another one of you, huh? i didn't get any reading on my scouter.
apparently you can control your battle power all the way down to zero.
what do you think you're doing, goku?!
it's not father! that isn't father there!
l-if that isn't goku, then what's going on?
he looks just like him!
i don't know, but i can just tell.
i've switched bodies. this one was so much stronger, you see.
what?!
h-he's switched bodies?
that's right.
red magma of the ginyu special corps, jheese!
and i am... commander of the ginyu special corps... ginyu-sama!
d-damn... this unfamiliar body makes it hard to read ki, as well.
"unfamiliar body"? that's right!
if i ain't used to this body, he shouldn't be used to my body, either!
you've switched bodies? that's impossible!
i think i'll test it out right now.
the incredible power of a better-than-180,000 battle power!
d-don't do it, goku! you're being controlled somehow!
you've been hypnotized or something!
whether he's actually switched bodies, or has just been hypnotized,
kakarrot's strength would still be the same.
things are getting worse and worse!
i'm going to keep increasing my power even higher and higher!
i hope you're ready!
commander ginyu! that other bastard followed us here.
what?
i've found you!
you've done well to make it this far.
i should have made the wound more severe.
k-kuririn, gohan, listen up!
that ain't me! he's taken over my body!
you mean, it's true?
l-i-it can't be!
that's father?
yahoo!
yum, yum!
i couldn't stand that!
that guy is ginyu! don't hesitate to take him down!
there's no way he can defeat you at your present levels!
go on, start beating on him!
s-start beating on him, you say?
fool! you think i cannot defeat them? this was originally your body!
it's battle power is over 180,000.
there's no reason why that would have changed!
you'll see, once you give it a try. that's my body there.
how do you even expect to use its ki well, let alone kaio-ken?
if body and mind ain't completely united, you won't get any great power!
your lies won't work on ginyu-sama.
i'll show you what my battle power is right now!
jheese...
yes, sir!
jheese! how high is my battle power?
just how high a battle power does ginyu have, now that he has stolen goku's body?
moreover, will goku be able to get his own body back?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
using his finishing move, the body change, ginyu switched his body with goku's.
meanwhile, gohan and kuririn had finally found the dragon balls that freeza had hidden.
come forth, shen long, and grant me my wish!
however, nothing appeared to happen.
and, as ginyu once again confronted gohan and kuririn...
he released all of the ki in goku's body, to demonstrate how powerful he had become.
"that ain't me! gohan, don't lose your nerve, hit your father!!"
jheese, how high is my battle power now?
yes, sir...
what's wrong? jheese, hurry up and tell me!
l-it's 23,000.
what's that? i can't hear you!
23,000!
there, you hear that?!
just 23,000! that's all!
why?
wh-why. you ask?
23,000?
you say it's just 23,000?!
that's my body there.
you see, unless your mind and body are united,
you can't put out any great power!
kuririn, gohan, you can beat this guy now!
i-impossible!
th-this is impossible!
l-it's true! we just might be able to beat him like this!
let's go, gohan!
r-right!
now, gohan!
what's the matter, gohan?!
father .
gohan!
what's the matter, gohan?
l-i'm sorry. for a moment, he seemed like he really was father.
l-i know what you mean. i feel the same way.
but that isn't goku. it's ginyu!
got it?
gohan... kuririn...
okay, it won't happen this time.
here we go!
jheese!
what are you doing? why don't you fight?!
y-yes, sir!
whoa!
you're going to face me!
vegeta!
you mean that lousy vegeta is still around?
you expect such a wimpy attack to hurt me?
wh-why?! this body is supposed to have a power greater than 180,000!
didn't you hear what goku said before?
you can't use that body very well.
why don't you just give up now?
g-give up? you expect me, ginyu-sama to give up?!
don't be ridiculous!
kuririn... gohan...
for someone such as yourself to even consider picking a fight with me...
takes a lot of guts!
babble as much as you want!
how did you manage to hide yourself?!
there wasn't any reading on my scouter!
you guys rely too much on your scouters!
if you were to fight against those guys from earth,
you'd figure it out for yourself!
that is, assuming you don't die here first!
don't be ridiculous! the ginyu special corps is made up of only
the most super-elite warriors in the universe!
there's no way a monkey bastard such as you could ever stand a chance against me!
so you say, but you're actually afraid of my renewed battle power, aren't you?
wh-what?
take a good, long look, with your precious scouter there.
afraid, you say?
me? afraid of a battle power such as yours, vegeta?
i-impossible...
dammit!
it's broken!
do you really think it was a malfunction?
wh-why, you!
every time i recover from being near death, i grow stronger.
i've also overcome the limits of ordinary saiyans, and i'm still getting stronger!
actually, i've just now realized something...
this growth in power is not just due to some kind of gift that i have.
which means, i must be getting very close to becoming one myself!
a super saiyan!
wh-what?
s-stop talking nonsense!
a super saiyan is the mightiest of all warriors, delighting in death and battle!
kakarrot may not be cold-hearted enough to become one, but i'm different!
l-l-lmpossible!
attaway, attaway! we're really hitting our stride!
l-looks like we're going to beat him, huh, kuririn-san?
i-impossible! how can i, commander of the ginyu special corps,
be beaten by these guys?
g-goku, sure enough, it was useless trying to stop you,
and now you've become tangled up in things better left untouched.
goku, soon you will realize the hidden terror possessed by freeza.
it's not too late, even now.
depart from that planet as quickly as you can!
l-if dende... can just make it to where they are...
you namekians really are very stubborn.
you have absolutely no chance of winning.
i do not want to use my energy needlessly.
dende...
i wonder how much longer i will be able to view namek's scenery.
i hope it is until dende reaches the earthlings.
wh-when grand elder-sama dies, the dragon balls will also disappear.
before that happens, i have to hurry and meet up with those people.
oh, no!
gohan!
this is strange.
it's like suddenly, it seems like he's gotten much stronger.
watch yourself, gohan!
r-right!
impressive.
looks like he's starting to get used to my body.
this ain't good.
from here on out,
i'm not going to be pushed around by rubbish like you guys!
here it comes! the ginyu special corps'...
i haven't done this by myself very much,
but there's got to be something good for me to say here...
oh well, maybe i'll just skip it this time and leap right into battle.
i-i-i wasn't finished yet!
i won't be beaten by that flimsy blast!
this one will be even harder!
gohan! get out of the way!
goku!
f-father...
yow-ow-ow!
h-how did you manage that in your condition?!
l-it's just like you're doing. i'm starting to get used to this body.
i'm going to fight, too!
y-you may have become partially used to it,
but you still can't generate its full power.
we've got to eliminate him, before he completely masters my body.
with the three of us, we can beat him!
kuririn! gohan!
right, father!
y-yeah!
there's something strange about this, huh?
l-i feel the same way.
l-it's a little odd to think that i'm about to attack my own body like this.
vegeta! there's no way we're going to be beaten by a monkey bastard like you!
babble on all you like!
it does not change the fact that you are no longer a match for vegeta-sama!
now then, how about i show you my true power?
s-s-spare me...
vegeta! you didn't have to go that far!
you just keep on spouting that soft-hearted nonsense of yours, kakarrot!
you'll never become a super saiyan!
i'm the only one who has that capacity!
what? you, a super saiyan?
haven't you taken care of ginyu yet?
all right then, i'll dispose of him for you!
move it!
l-lncredible!
now, to finish you off!
why, you...
th-that's enough! don't kill him, vegeta!
die!!
you fool!
l-it can't be!
(change').!
what?
once again, ginyu's signature technique, the body change, bursts forth.
what is ginyu's target?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
jheese! how high is my battle power?
23,000.
what?!
having stolen goku's body, ginyu is unable to use its power as he would like to.
ginyu's body change finishing move proved to be inopportune for him.
however, just then...
die!!
(change').!
the body change burst forth again, this time against vegeta!
what will you do, goku?
"whoops!! ginyu has turned into a frog."
i-it can't be!
(change').!
this is it! i can get my own body back!
let me get there in time!
what?
o-out of the way!
you bastard... how dare you... interfere?!
ow-ow-ow-ow...
looks like i'm back to normal.
wh-what happened? what the hell did kakarrot do just now?
what was that light?
did goku jump between them in order to stop vegeta's attack?
i can sense father!
father is... father is back in his own body!
what?
are you sure, gohan?
s-so then, that ginyu bastard is now over there?
damn!
i'll change with you for sure this time, vegeta!
i ain't going to let you!
what?!
ka...
that rotten kakarrot...
ha...
ha!!
damn, i've taken terrible damage... i can't control my ki...
father!
g-goku!
that was pretty stupid of you.
you won't get in my way any longer.
th-this is bad! if we allow him to take over vegeta's body now... it's all over...
i'll take that body of yours!
chan...
what?!
impressive, vegeta.
he's getting himself busted up, just like he did against me.
he's planning on trading places with vegeta!
what's the matter? finished already?
that's right! you...
are finished!
stop, vegeta!
you fell for it, vegeta!
th-this is it.
(change').!
n-now what happened?
ribbit... ribbit...
ribbit... ribbitribbitribbit...
i-i did it!
g-goku! are you okay?
father! hang on!
y-you really did quite a number... on my body, didn't you, vegeta?
never mind that, explain to me what happened to ginyu.
that guy that ran away is a frog.
and that frog-looking thing over there is now ginyu.
what?
ribbit... ribbit...
i don't know how you did it, but i'm still going to mash you underfoot.
leave him alone, vegeta.
now that ginyu is like that, he can't do anything.
oh, all right, you can go.
i pity you when i think of the life ahead of you.
goku!
father!
hey, goku, don't you have a single senzu left?
n-nope, i've really had it.
there's no reason why i couldn't vaporize you bothersome guys right now.
what?
vegeta, you dirty, lowdown...
i-it's all right. he can't kill us just yet.
you're right. there's still the matter of the dragon balls,
as well as the fight against freeza,
and i'm going to need everyone's power, especially yours, kakarrot.
come on. wh-where to?
inside the spaceship. bring kakarrot with you.
wh-what are you going to do to goku?!
i'm offering to heal him.
why should we believe you?!
fine, suit yourselves. you can croak right alongside kakarrot.
damn it...
k-kuririn-san...
k-kuririn, it's all right.
it's all right?
vegeta's enemy right now is freeza, not us.
b-but...
let's go, kuririn-san.
hurry it up. we don't know when freeza will be coming back.
in here.
you go first.
this will treat kakarrot's injuries and restore him to full power.
w-with all this?
a needle!
n-no way'-!
i hate needles! let go of me, kuririn!
i don't need any medical attention!
you think i would treat you with something as uncivilized as a needle, you idiot?!
r-really?
oh, father, how pathetic!
vegeta, what is this, anyhow?
it's called a medical machine. in short, it's like a healing capsule.
by immersing oneself in this special solution,
one's energy is restored to them in a short amount of time.
so that's how...
after i've defeated freeza, i'll kill you guys nice and slow.
by that time, make no mistake, i will be a super saiyan!
how about you speak to me, already?
just telling me one simple thing is enough.
how do i get the dragon balls to grant my wish?
all you have to do is tell me that.
y-you expect me... to tell you?
you do not need to say anything else.
well? do you still want me to continue this?
up yours!
my apologies, nail. bear it just a little while longer.
very soon, dende will arrive at the earthlings' location.
please, allow my life to last for at least that much longer.
j-just a little farther. grand elder-sama said they were in the maima region.
the medical machine in this room is the older model,
but knowing kakarrot, he should be fully rejuvenated before too long.
the older model?
i destroyed the newer model.
h-he's not going to drown or anything in there, right?
th-this sure feels good.
now then, let's get you two some battle wear.
you'll do better by them, as far as protection goes.
battle wear? you mean like yours?
that's not how i want to picture us.
boy, their civilization sure is ahead of earth's.
it sure seems like it.
take off your clothes and put on that undershirt.
hurry it up. freeza is coming.
say, gohan, if vegeta feels he needs even our help,
it must mean that freeza is awfully strong, huh?
it scares me.
now for your battle jackets.
luckily enough, there are some smaller sizes here,
for use by those from planet litt.
how do we put these on?
i can get my head through, but my arms won't fit.
just force them on.
those are soft enough that if you pull on them, they'll stretch.
back on earth, even when i turned into a great ape,
my armor didn't break, remember?
yet they can still stand up to a shock pretty well.
wow, you're right!
are the gloves and boots made of the same material?
i suppose.
this is incredibly light!
i barely feel any weight at all!
it's awful slimy of you guys to be wearing stuff this nice.
what do you say, vegeta?
is something the matter?
l-it's nothing.
i wish i had armor more like vegeta's style.
the shoulder area seems a lot easier to move around in.
this is an older type. there weren't any that fit me in the regular sizes.
however, these don't seem to be in the way at all, kuririn-san. i can move freely!
are you sure you're all right?
you don't need to concern yourself about me.
well, if you say so.
so, what about goku? how long will it take him to heal?
good question.
knowing him, he should be fully healed in around 40 or 50 minutes.
gohan, i'm going to go see grand elder-sama.
i know that freeza is probably there too,
but if we can't get the password to summon shen long,
there's nothing we can do anyhow.
i-i'll go too!
no. i can handle this myself. you wait here.
goku and the others regroup,
preparing themselves for the coming conflict with freeza.
who is it that will be able to summon shen long from the still silent dragon balls?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
(change').!
i did it!
finally, the battle against the mighty ginyu comes to a conclusion.
however, the damage inflicted upon goku is great, and as for vegeta...
i know that freeza is probably there too,
but if we can't get the password, nothing matters anyhow.
me too!
no. i can handle this myself. you wait here.
and so, in order to learn how to summon shen long,
kuririn takes off toward the grand elder's location...
"thou who hast gathered the seven balls... now speak forth the password."
i wonder if i look any stronger.
i bet if mother...
or piccolo-sen were to see me in this outfit, they'd be surprised.
but for some reason, i sure feel as though i'm stronger now!
i'm the strongest warrior in the universe, son gohan!
(he)', you there!
that pip-squeak friend of yours said something about...
taking two hours before he would return, right?
yeah.
all right, then.
stand guard over those dragon balls well, then.
i'll be taking a nap inside the spaceship.
wake me when he gets back.
a nap?
i haven't had any sleep now for quite a while.
just sit tight, gohan and goku!
i'll find out how to summon shen long and be back soon.
that rotten creep!
i can't even be sure he hasn't already killed the grand elder-san!
please, let me make it in time!
i have to tell kuririn and the others about the password as soon as possible!
there they are!
strange.
i don't feel any ki.
i'm too late!
kuririn-san!
it's not him!
okay then, where is kuririn-san?
kakarrot.
once freeza is out of the way, you're next.
until then, i need you on my side.
i can't believe i've let myself come to this...
i'll sleep for thirty minutes.
that should be enough to allow me to count on my full power.
when i open my eyes again,
i will be able to obtain eternal life and youth for myself.
that should make for some pleasant dreams.
freeza could show up at any minute.
he's got a lot of nerve going to sleep.
i am only using my left hand, yet you have still done so poorly.
surely now you see there is no way you can win.
how about speaking to me now?
tell me how the dragon balls grant my wish.
you have continued to expend your energies so pointlessly.
such actions cannot possibly work against me, can they?
have you not fully realized this yet?
i cannot understand why you continue to defy me,
when you must certainly know you are beaten?
is it because your friends have been killed?
or perhaps, is it due to common stubbornness?
let me make this my final warning.
tell me how the dragon balls grant wishes.
you will die, otherwise.
even if you were to find out, by now, it no longer matters.
very soon, dende will arrive at the... location where the... earthlings are.
he is there to tell the... the very same password you're after!
what?!
him?
why you! you've just been buying time for him?!
the ginyu special corps... i get no reading on them!
can it be that all five of them have been eliminated?
in any case, something's happened between vegeta, the earthlings,
and the ginyu special corps!
so what's happened to the dragon balls?!
rotten punks!
it will be to me, freeza-sama, that that wish is granted!
it will not be to you lower life forms!
how regrettable that it must come to this.
i should have told the earthlings the password when i had the chance.
now i've caused nail to suffer so terribly.
move swiftly, dende. it seems my end has drawn near.
kuririn-san!
gohan-san!
i wonder if it really will take kuririn-san two whole hours to get to
the grand elder-san and back.
what am i supposed to do if freeza comes back before then?
i hope kuririn-san gets back soon.
a ki!
someone is flying towards goku's direction.
i recognize this ki.
i knew it! it's dende!
hey!
it's me, it's me!
i'm just dressed this way is all.
kuririn-san!
thank goodness! thank goodness!
hey, you...
you're that bad ginyu fellow, who took over my father's body and such, aren't you?
i knew it! come here, you!
you can't do anymore bad stuff now.
this really saves our necks.
we've gotten all the dragon balls together, but we couldn't get shen long to appear,
so i was just on my way to the grand elder-san's place to find out
what the password is.
that's what i thought.
i was told by the grand elder-sama to find you
and tell you how to get your wish granted.
oh, really? so, what is it we're supposed to say?
the password must be spoken in the namekian language,
or else the wish will not be granted.
namekian, huh? that makes sense.
the grand elder-san isn't very good with people,
or else he could have told us that while we were there.
he must not have thought...
you were going to be able to get all the dragon balls together, or he would have.
maybe so.
never mind that, we must hurry!
the grand elder-sama's life is nearly at an end.
freeza might be on his way, as well.
yeah, you're right.
somethings coming...
it's kuririn-san... but i can feel two ki...
he's hidden his kfl.
it really is kuririn-san.
but who's with him?
it's dende-kun! yeah!
we made it! it's gohan! thank goodness!
that was incredibly fast! how did you manage it?
easy. dende here was asked by the grand elder-san to come to us.
you mean, to tell us how to use the dragon balls and get our wish granted?
right!
now then, what's vegeta up to?
i've been holding my ki since before we got here so he wouldn't realize we're back.
i don't think he's noticed.
he said something about not having slept recently,
and is napping inside the spaceship.
great! this is working out nicely.
okay, then. very quietly, so vegeta doesn't notice,
we'll carry the dragon balls over to this area.
that way, even if he realizes that shen long has appeared,
we'll have bought some time.
yahoo! we did it!
okay, it's up to you now, dende.
right!
kuririn-san, somethings coming this way.
very fast.
it's freeza!
hurry, dende! hurry and get our wish granted!
right!
nothing's happening.
hey, dende, are you sure you didn't goof up the password?
they're glowing!
the sky is getting dark!
just like the dragon balls on earth!
what's this?
why has it suddenly become night?
it looks like the wish will soon be granted!
they did it! yeah!
we can finally return to life!
isn't this great, ten-san?
he-he's huge!
far bigger than the one on earth.
is-is that shen long?
here, he is called "polunga." it means "god of dreams."
this is the first time i've seen him, too.
thou who hast gathered the dragon balls, now speak thy wishes.
i shall grant thee any three wishes, whichsoever art within my ability.
three? did he just say three?
that's right. you can have three wishes granted.
really?! looks like nail-san was right!
what should we do? we have three wishes, three!
polunga, the "super" shen long finally appears...
what will kuririn and the others ask for with their three wishes?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
at last, super shen long appears!
however, burning with rage, freeza bares his fangs as he draws ever closer!
hurry up, kuririn and gohan!
"kami-sama also returns to life! piccolo ls resurrected by super shen long."
he-he's huge!
his form is different than the one on earth as well.
thi-this is shen... long?
thou who hast gathered the dragon balls, now speak forth thy wish.
i shall grant thee any three wishes, whichsoever art within mine ability.
awesome! he really does grant three wishes!
we should have expected as much from the home soil's shen long!
it sure is generous of him!
what should we do? we have three wishes.
your wishes, quickly! don't forget about freeza and vegeta!
oh yeah.
first, ask him to please bring back to life everyone the saiyans killed on earth.
all right, i got it!
that wish cannot be granted.
restoring the dead to life canst only be accomplished one individual at a time.
oh no!
apparently, he can only bring back one person at a time.
o-only one at a time?!
if they only have three wishes,
and there's me, yamucha, chaozu, and piccolo...
all right! i'll have myself restored to life first.
what was that?
well, kaio-sama, i'll go first...
wait! don't be so selfish, i'm going first!
what are you saying?!
i was the first one of us to die!
therefore, i will be the first brought back!
that's choplogic!
everyone! let's draw straws!
no way! you'll use your telekinesis to cheat on us!
how awful! i wouldn't do that!
let me...
let me talk with gohan!
what? please!
what keeps thee? speak forth thy wish.
i shall grant thee any three wishes, whichsoever art within my ability.
within his ability, he says.
quickly! if we're found out by freeza or vegeta, we're finished!
what do we do? only one person can be brought back per wish!
this is quite a fix. who do we choose?
shoot! for the home soil's shen long, he's not that generous after all!
you say you want to speak with goku's son?
what are you planning to do, piccolo?
why you! what are you thinking of doing?!
you're not thinking of having just yourself brought back, are you?!
what?! is that right?
piccolo, that's not fair!
you're not the only one who's been training here!
we've also powered up several levels, you know. what's more...
hurry and let me speak, please!
all right, then. place your hand on my shoulder, and then you can speak.
gohan! can you hear me?! it's me! it's piccolo!
gohan!
gohan!
answer me, gohan! it's me! piccolo!
piccolo? it can't be!
where are you, piccolo-san?
i'm using kaio to speak directly into your hearts.
i won't have you dishonor my name.
kaio-sama is how i am addressed, kaio-sama.
i-into... our hearts?
we know that you have three wishes,
but that only one person can be brought back to life per wish.
now listen closely!
with the first wish, bring me back to life!
wait!
we won't let you get away with this, piccolo!
you shut up!
don't forget, if i am returned to life, kami will be also.
when that happens, the dragon balls on earth will also be restored,
and the rest of us here can then be brought back.
hey, yeah! we can do it that way!
understood, piccolo-sen.
i get it now. so that's what you were after.
nice thinking! piccolo is great!
now, i'll tell you the second wish...
once i... once i'm brought back to life,
bring me to planet namek, where you guys are!
i... i want to fight.
i want to fight that rotten freeza, who's killed my people,
in the homeland from which i was born.
what are you saying, piccolo?!
i've gained great power since i've been here.
i'll defeat him for you for sure!
send me there to that planet you're on. got it?
understood, piccolo-sen!
i'm counting on you. do whatever you want with the third wish.
right! i'll be so happy once you get here!
hey, piccolo!
have you forgotten the promise you made to me?
that you would never fight against freeza?
i must have. i don't remember making such a promise.
what's that?
unfortunately, my memory isn't that great.
why you! hold it now...
kaio-sama! just take it easy!
let go of me! how dare you do this to me!
i don't know what kind of punk you are, but i, piccolo-same, will be sure to defeat you!
you guys! you have no idea how terrible freeza is!
let go of me! i can't talk to you like this!
okay!
before we do anything else, let's get those two wishes granted!
right! dende!
yes?
ask that piccolo, the namekian who was on earth, be brought back to life!
piccolo-sen, you say? got it.
any second now, piccolo-san...
what's this? somethings headed this way!
it's an incredible battle power!
f-freeza!
it will still take several more minutes for kakarrot to fully recover.
it's still a bad time for freeza to appear.
ah, crap. i got a bad feeling about this.
what?
what is going on here? it's night!
why?
there's not supposed to be any night on this planet.
why is the sky so dark?
this has to mean...
no, it couldn't be...
it couldn't be... it couldn't be!
it couldn't be!!
understood. i shall grant thy first wish.
no!!
the dragon balls are gone!
shoot! kakarrot's son is also missing.
why you dirty rotten little brat!
what's that monster over there?
is that the dragon they said would appear out of the dragon balls?
dammit, those rotten kids have gotten the jump on me!
you'll pay for this!!
this is bad! freeza is almost on top of us!
i'm reading four life signs.
at last i've found you!
just you wait for what you've got coming, you crummy lower life forms!
it vanished!
all right.
i'm alive again! now, for the next wish!
i'm counting on you, gohan!
i won't be responsible for this! it's out of my hands now!
wait... wait! wait!
kambsama'.!
piccolo, you rascal. that was some smart thinking.
popo, you've taken good care of the place in my absence.
great!
kami-sama is back alive! so happy!
i have granted thine first wish.
now, speak forth thy second wish!
the second wish is to have piccolo, who was just restored to life,
"warped" here to planet namek.
right!
dende, make it fast! vegeta's found us out!
okay!
that is a simple matter. i shall grant thine second wish.
such a fool!
i have granted thy second wish. thou mayest now speak thy final wish.
he said it's granted? but piccolo isn't here yet.
where are you, piccolo-san?
you just said to have him brought to this planet, so he could be anywhere.
did you mean you wanted him brought here?
oh, no!
what should we do?
we could use the third wish to bring him... aaah!
v-veg eta!
i knew it! i knew it was something like this!
how dare you... how dare you try to trick me, vegeta-sama, you punks!?!
you'll pay for this!
you simple fools!
you've taken the only chance we had to defeat freeza and wasted it!
the only way we can win is if i am made immortal.
you dirty, stinking brats!
wait! we've only had two wishes granted so far,
there's still one wish that remains to be granted.
idiot! keep your mouth shut!
i'm quite relieved to hear this.
what is that column of light there?
that's where the life sign readings are...
no, they couldn't be using the dragon balls to get their wish!
what is thine third wish?
now then, make me eternally young! do it now!
lousy brat!
don't you know what "do it now" means?!
dende!
you have to do it now! freeza is nearly upon us!
i can't breathe...
if that wish gets granted...
but we don't have any choice!
father's injuries won't heal for some time still...
so this is my homeland?
planet namek.
then it's no wonder i feel such an odd nostalgia for this place.
the namekian blood that flows within me must be responsible.
hold on, this is no time to be waxing sentimental.
i'd better locate gohan and the others.
shoot, where are they?
they aren't around here anywhere close.
wh-what's that?!
i can feel a tremendous ki off in the distance.
can that be the monster, freeza?
there are three other ki near them. gohan and the others.
all right. hold on, gohan!
i still await thy final wish. thou mayest speak it now.
what are you waiting for?! tell him now!
make me immortally young!
do you want to be killed by freeza?
kuririn-san, freeza is almost here!
our situation is desperate.
dende! let him have his wish!
vegeta may also be incredibly bad, but at least he's better than freeza.
i hate to have to do this,
but right now, there's no other way to get us out of this pinch.
very well.
all right, that's better.
so, do it now.
okay -
stop messing around!
this is good! this will fix it so that freeza will not be able to kill me.
i just have to keep after him, and even if i can't do it now,
eventually, i will defeat him!
very soon now, the time will come when i, vegeta-sama, will rule the universe!
wh-what?
what's happened?
why did the dragon disappear, and the sky become light again?
why have the dragon balls turned into those stones?
the grand elder-sama has...
dende...
the grand elder-sama has...
passed away.
are you sure?
the life of the grand elder-sama, who created these dragon balls,
has come to an end.
what do you mean, you little snot?!
what about my... what am i supposed to do about my eternal youth?!
what do you want me to say?
you rotten punks!
if you hadn't double-crossed me, none of this would have happened!
you're going to pay! you dirty, rotten fools!
freeza!
you have really done it now, have you not, gentlemen?
you have done an outstanding job of shattering my dreams of eternal youth.
i certainly trust that you fools are now prepared to pay the price.
it's the worst possible situation... freeza has at last arrived!
freeza is burning with anger.
in this great crisis, what will happen with piccolo?
what will happen with goku?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
piccolo is resurrected!
in order to battle freeza, piccolo has at last descended upon his home world of namek.
now, speak forth thy third wish!
make me immortally young! do you want to be killed by freeza?
however, the grand elder's life had reached its end,
and with the third wish unfulfilled, "super shen long" disappeared.
moreover, in the worst of all possible situations...
you have really done it now, gentlemen.
you have done an outstanding job of shattering my dreams of eternal youth.
"birth of the mightiest warrior? nail and piccolo merge."
there are no readings for the ginyu special corps.
are you the ones who killed them?
it is unfortunate,
that the dragon balls have turned to stone just before i could have used them...
unfortunate for vegeta-san, to be sure, but perhaps more so for myself.
this is the first time anyone has been stupid enough to make this big a fool out of me.
i did not expect things to come to such a result.
you're going t0 pay!
you're going to pay for this, you puny worms!!!
i'm going to kill you all an inch at a time!!
there's no escape for you! say your prayers!
so you finally show your true nature.
do your worst!
if you think i'm going to be that easy to defeat, you're greatly mistaken!
of all the things you might have said...
apparently, you have forgotten how terrifying i really am.
let me refresh your memory!
impossible!
i didn't think he'd be this awful!
that enormous ki is getting a lot larger.
this freeza is about to make his move against the others.
i feel a faint ki. no, it couldn't be gohan!
a namekian, the spitting image of myself.
you're near death.
y-you must be the... namekian the earthlings spoke of.
so, their wish has been granted. good.
you seem to have all the facts.
then you must also know that i'm rushing to help those brats out right now.
you'll excuse me for leaving you here to die.
surprising...
i don't know what discipline you've used,
but you've managed to gain incredible power.
and yet, it's such a pity...
if you had returned as a single, complete namekian...
what?
you might have been able to beat freeza.
you're saying that if i had reunited with kami and become a single individual again,
only then would i be able to overcome freeza's power?
that's right. i may have been utterly overwhelmed by freeza,
but i know his powers quite well.
no use arguing over it now.
for that matter, i have no intention of ever reuniting with that guy.
unite with me.
i am the... last warrior-type namekian left on my world.
what? with you?
that's right.
your current power will be increased several times over.
thanks for the offer, but i'd rather be who i am.
i don't want to combine my individuality with yours.
such a proud fellow...
hurry... there's... no time.
i am about to die.
quickly, place your hand on my body.
do not worry.
your individuality will be yours. i will be yours.
i offer no more than this opportunity.
you wouldn't lie to me, would you?
if that's what you think,
you can go on ahead and get killed by freeza.
all right.
fine, then. i'll try you out.
but if i don't like what happens, i'll drive you out again.
what a thing to say,
while i'm offering such a wonderful present to you of my own good will.
i'm in a hurry.
if we're going to do this, let's get it over.
be sure... you kill... freeza.
i don't need you to tell me.
if i can, i'll do it for my own sake.
impossible... how can this be?
what incredible power!
what an unbelievably fearsome power this is!
is this what uniting with someone is like?!
i will win!
regardless of the opponent, i cannot lose now!
i have now obtained the ultimate power!
gohan! at this rate, vegeta will be beaten in no time.
we have to act now. it's our only chance!
right!
kuririn-san!
su-such a kfl. there's no way we can win!
of course not.
did you think that only three ants could defeat a whole dinosaur?
we can win!
if the three of us fight together, we'll find a way to beat you.
what's that? you can beat me?
that's right.
that's the last thing i expected you to say.
apparently, not even the great freeza realizes that these two guy's
battle powers have been rapidly increasing.
especially the shorter one,
he's sitting on a power reserve that not even he is fully aware of.
and as for me,
i'm in the process of becoming the super saiyan you've always feared.
you brag quite well, what with that talk of super saiyans.
you irritating rat!
what?!
what's this?
so, apparently you aren't just talk, are you?
he's right...
if the three of us fight together,
there's a definite chance of us making it through.
he's certainly very powerful, but our power has risen too.
that's right, ever since vegeta has come here,
he's managed to keep overcoming his limits and grow stronger.
so, why is freeza still so calm?
transform yourself, freeza!
transform? transform?
he can transform?
let's get right to it.
why don't you transform and show us your true self?
so, you knew about that, did you?
how did you come to find out?
that punk zarbon let it slip.
what are you talking about?
among the universe's races,
there is a very small number that have the odd ability
of changing their forms when needed...
whether for camouflage,
or to conserve energy consumption when it's unnecessary.
in my case, the reason is different.
i have so much power, it's difficult for me to control it otherwise.
what was that?
don't let him scare you.
he's bluffing, he won't change all that much.
is that so?
fine, then. if you want to die that badly, i'll show you.
watch very carefully.
this is not something you'll see every day.
when i attacked the planet vegeta, home to the saiyans,
you realize there was utterly no reason for me to transform.
vegeta-san, your father, the king of planet vegeta,
was none too spectacular a warrior, you know.
don't flatter yourself too much about that.
i had overcome the king's power way back when i was still little.
then the saiyan's planet was destroyed by him?
now then, marvel at this!
at last, freeza begins to change.
however, how much terror will this account for?
and will piccolo and goku arrive in time for this terrific battle?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
uniting with nail, piccolo obtains ultimate power.
elsewhere, as goku's recovery continues,
the confrontation at last begins between freeza, vegeta, kuririn, and gohan.
however, freeza was still hiding the true depth of his power!
watch very carefully.
this is not something you will see every day!
when i attacked the planet vegeta, home to the saiyans,
you realize there was utterly no reason for me to transform.
so, the saiyan's home planet was destroyed by him?
now then, marvel at this!
"a nightmare super-transformationl! freeza's battle power of one million."
what kind of transformation is this? you're making us laugh!
to think that taking that off to become more nimble is your idea of transforming...
vegeta-san, i am so disappointed in you.
and after i looked after you the way i did.
if only you had peaceably submitted to me,
you would not have to experience this horror now.
what are you babbling about?
i never submitted myself to you!
i was just pretending to submit,
all the while waiting for the right moment to come along, so i could defeat you!
yes, that is one of the poor habits you saiyans had.
take your own father...
the king of planet vegeta was the same way.
what's this? you say the occupation of planet tapp is still not complete?
yes, sir. the tappan's resistance is proving tougher than we anticipated.
they say it will take another three days to complete the occupation.
three more days?!
yes, sir. my humblest apologies.
why, you! have you forgotten that we promised freeza-sama the planet by tomorrow?!
no, i would never do such a thing!
however, the full moon on tapp will not appear for three more days.
be gone.
be gone! and let nothing remain!
as barbaric as always, i see.
i did not mind if it took another three days.
you've done something unfortunate here.
nonetheless, i came to speak about your son.
when do you intend to bring him to me?
well, that is...
i know! you will please bring him in three day's time,
along with your announcement of the successful occupation of planet tapp.
you need not worry that i will not pamper him.
king vegeta, are you really going to deliver the prince to freeza-sama?
yeah.
but won't you be risking the prince's life?
i'm not concerned about things such as my son's life!
what i find unbearable is his attitude!
he has the mistaken idea that we saiyans are his slaves or something!
king vegeta!
curse you, freeza!
someday, we'll teach you a lesson!
you really do resemble your dearly departed father,
both in your appearance and in your foolishness.
foolish, you say?
that is right. if your father had not tried such a foolish stunt,
the saiyans would have gotten off without being exterminated.
listen up, you 9w5-
freeza is afraid of us saiyans ganging up in large groups.
if you elite warriors combine your powers as one, we are certain to defeat him!
let's show him just how strong we saiyans are!
freeza-sama,
some saiyans, including the royal family,
have just arrived and are requesting an audience with you.
freeza-sama'?
lately, there have been some disquieting tendencies among the saiyans, yes?
yes, sir.
they are indeed becoming quite an eyesore.
they are fools.
quickly, men! freeza is in here!
take this!
zarbon-san, open the door.
you will show the saiyans in.
yes, sir.
a little exercise may be good for me.
where is freeza?!
i'll kill you, and rule the universe myself!
are you sure it will be as simple as that?
are your men not trembling with fear even now?
aw, crap.
king vegeta!
your king has just been defeated, do you sirs not wish to avenge him?
was that the best that even saiyans could do?
freeza-sama, are you uninjured?
i did not even need to transform myself.
now then, shall we be off?
we are going to go watch the fireworks of planet vegeta.
how wonderful!
watch this, zarbon-san, dodoria-san!
watch these beautiful fireworks!
i wanted to show it to you, too.
the fireworks of planet vegeta.
what a load of bull! if you were really afraid of us saiyans,
simply blowing up planet vegeta would be a completely fruitless measure.
i'm right, aren't i? i mean, you let me survive, after all!
not to mention kakarrot...
that's enough talk out of you.
so then, shall i begin the next part?
your dearly departed father never saw this form.
what?!
what's this? what does he think he's doing?
why me? why am i the only one that has to go through this?
this isn't funny, for crying out loud.
what's this? what's going on?
help me!
what... what's going on here?
what?!
impossible! this can't be!
we'll be killed!
it's a... nightmare!
watch out, now! in this form, i won't be as gentle as i was before.
what a ki!
what's this? the strength of freeza's ki has just increased several times over!
oh, no!
gohan!
vegeta, what happened to those high spirits you were in a moment ago?
you were spouting off all sorts of demands, weren't you?
well, i really can't blame you.
not after having been shown my overwhelming power.
th-this guy's incredible!
like i said, watch out!
you see, i have a lot more power now, and i might just overdo things a little.
incidentally, my battle power is now probably over 1,000,000.
wh-what?!
unbelievable!
not even you could reach that high!
if you think i'm lying, i'll show you!
dende!
no!
what's this?!
freeza, you low-life, what have you done?!
what is the deal with this planet?!
kuririn-san?
what happened to kuririn-san?
right here!
y-you're bleeding!
it's nothing. i just got clipped by a flying rock fragment.
you all fled from that more quickly than might be expected.
you have my praise.
however, that was just my way of saying hello.
even a saiyan could have done that.
why, you!
that's such a pitiful face you're wearing, vegeta.
i'd guess that you never imagined i could become this powerful.
now then, which one of you should i show to hell first?
i've decided!
kuririn-san!
so... fast!
all too soon, kuririn is run through by freeza.
is this the strength of freeza?
kuririn-san!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at length, freeza completes his colossal transformation.
i've decided!
s-so fast!
kuririn-san!
before such incredible power and speed, kuririn was powerless to do anything,
and found himself suddenly run through the pit of his stomach!
"is this the end!? a brutally transcendent power attacks gohan."
bungling jackass!
that's what you get for being distracted by that namekian kid!
k-kakarrot, that smooth-headed one,
and so on, all those guys from earth take things too easily!
oh, my fault, my fault.
it seems i have too much power, and can't control myself all that well.
kuririn-san!
who would have thought you could still be this spirited?
gohan...
how does that feel?
not yet? not yet?
dammit, not yet? then how long?
calm down, yamucha!
it's not good to get so carried away!
how am i supposed to be calm about this?
right now, goku and kuririn and the others
are off fighting for their lives against someone so awful,
they don't know if they can beat him or not!
and yet, here i am, so far away...
i want to go and fight as well.
however, getting worked up won't help.
goku and piccolo are sure to do well!
you must realize the only thing we can do is to continue our training now,
so that if we do get to namek, we'll be able to fight as hard as we'd like to.
goku, after how i warned you against getting near freeza...
he wields enough terrifying power to destroy the entire universe!
kakq-sama'?
what is it, you guys? why aren't you training?
what is the matter? you are so absorbed in thought.
your face is so pallid. are you all right?
m-my face has been this color since birth!
l-i trust nothing bad has happened on planet namek?
is it goku?
or maybe piccolo?
i'm finished!
i've had it! i want a bed! i want a shower!
i want cake with strawberries, and lots of strawberry cake!
i want to be a cloud, too.
oh dear, that looks just like kuririn!
speaking of which, what could he possibly be dilly-dallying around about right now?
i mean, really!
i don't suppose they could've left me behind and gone back to earth, could they?
or maybe they've been wiped out by vegeta, or that freeza guy!
no, that couldn't be! i mean, son-kun is here, after all!
they're okay, for sure!
they're okay...
so, this is the end for me? what a shame!
i wanted to get married, even just once...
kuririn's ki is dropping rapidly.
hold on just a while longer, everyone.
just until i've fully recovered. please!
so, you've finally snuffed it, then?
kuririn...
kuririn-san!
so fast!
you're thinking of saving him?
it's pointless, he'll die momentarily.
how about instead, you worry about your own safety?
then again, you can worry all you like, it doesn't matter if you're a namekian...
or an earthling...
or a saiyan...
it won't, of course, change the fact that you're going to die.
out...
out...
out of my way i!
what?!
that kid's power is rising so fast!
how can this be? such incredible energy!
i can't believe it!
when that kid loses his senses and flies off the handle,
he can call up that much power?!
u-unbelievable!
h-he may be closer to becoming a super saiyan than anyone else!
k-kufnin-sa n'.!
kuririn-san...
kuririn-san!
it's okay! he's managed to hang on!
don't die, kuririn-san!
we don't have time to be worrying about him!
do you think freeza would die from just that?
you aren't any ordinary runt, are you?
even i found that to be a little bit painful!
you did that to the wrong person.
of course, like i said before, the fact that you're going to die remains.
for all your effort, you've only managed to incur my wrath.
o-oh, hell.
it looks like we were hoping for too much after all.
now we're a laughingstock!
impossible! his kijust keeps growing stronger and stronger!
who could have known he can control his battle power?!
i will take the pain i have felt,
and return it to you many times over!
freeza's power just billowed up suddenly!
at this rate, everyone will be...
you idiot! get out of there!
oh no, don't you suffer any damage just yet.
the fun is just beginning, after all.
you're just a kid after all, aren't you? is that the extent of your power?
fool! you got full of yourself and dropped your guard, didn't you?
you caught all of that blast!
all right!
once again! i'll pound you with yet another intensive shot!
take this!
and you said i wasn't going to be a match for you!
you look awfully stupid now, freeza-san.
don't be in such a hurry, vegeta.
once i finish with the runt, i'll have plenty of time to play with you.
our fates are sealed...
so then, how would you like me to deal with you, hmm?
he's gone!
here i am!
what's wrong? can't you move?
this is where it ends, isn't it?
gohan's ki is falling rapidly!
i'm coming! wait there, gohan!
gohan...
gohan's death draws near. but what of piccolo? what of goku?
can those that love him do anything to save him?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
freeza's overwhelming power was far greater than anyone had expected.
and presently, following kuririn, came gohan's turn.
"the tide suddenly turned!! piccolo, the warrior who came late."
what's wrong?
vegeta, aren't you coming to help him?
looks as though your legs are trembling, and you can't move.
well, you just wait there patiently a little while longer.
i'm about to smother the breath of life from this one.
after which it will be your turn.
l-i don't care if the kid dies,
i'm just wondering what i'm supposed to do. freeza's power is beyond imagination!
father... pic... colo... - san...
gohan's ki is disappearing quickly.
h-he's dying! dammit!
i can't wait until i've completely recovered from my injuries!
gohan's ki has all but disappeared!
you're the only one that ever freely associated with me.
before i realized what had happened, you found your way into my heart,
and made yourself a place there large enough that i was unable to drive you out.
stay alive, gohan!
is there nothing i can do? if i don't act, i'll be next!
gohan, just hang on. i'll be right there.
now the big finish!
h-how can he be?!
he was supposed to have been at least critically wounded!
wh-why?!
kienzan'.!
kuririn...
kuririn's ki has been restored! what's going on?
if you don't like it, come on over here!
come and paddle my bum!
why you... how dare you make a fool of me!
th-there's no way i can stand against him.
i'll just have to keep running away.
somehow, i've got to keep him a little bit further away from gohan.
oh no!
all right...
you will not die easily.
i'll take you apart with my own hands.
damn.
fool.
now, come on out!
that was close!
i don't know how it is you recovered,
but you dared to clip the tail of freeza-sama, didn't you?
i'm going to knock you into so many pieces, you'll never recover again!
now i've done it!
damn!
no matter how you struggle, you will not escape my grasp.
looks like you're about out of breath.
i'll tear you to bits with my bare hands!
come on out!
taiyo-ken'.!
taiyo-ken'.!
m-my eyes!
thank goodness! you're not dead!
i'll heal you right now!
r-rotten earthling!
calling me out here for such a vain struggle...
vegeta, now! attack him!
s-so that's what's going on!
what are you doing, vegeta?!
great! gohan's been healed!
why did you guys keep silent about the namekian kid having that ability?!
we didn't keep silent! we didn't know about it either!
if we had known, we would have him heal goku already!
it doesn't hurt at all any more!
you surprised me, dende! thanks.
not at all. good luck!
shoot! why you!
wh-what's this?!
true to the saiyan blood that he carries, now that he's recovered,
his battle power has increased greatly!
gohan...
all right!
slight though it may be, fate has somewhat turned to our favor.
with the three of us fighting now, something may turn out.
impossible! that runt has been revived!
and he should have been on the brink of death!
now! shoot him!
you guys just don't know when you're beaten.
how many times have i told you that neither earthlings or saiyans are a match for me?
dammit.
have we had it?
i'm not giving up! how can i possibly give up?!
whether we've had it or not, there's nothing we can do but try!
gohan!
you fool! stop!
piccolo-sen!
sorry to keep you waiting.
thank goodness! we've been waiting for you, piccolo-san!
so that's freeza, is it?
yes!
indeed. he really is an incredible beast.
well, if it isn't the guy we slaughtered back on earth.
so, i need not wonder what you wished for with the dragon balls.
i see you brought this good-for-nothing scum back to life with them.
that "scum" line was uncalled-for. and i want you to remember something.
i want you to remember that after i put freeza away, your turn comes next.
after you put freeza away, you're coming for me?
i didn't think you namekians were capable of telling jokes.
it's no use!
no matter how much piccolo may have gained from training at kaio-sama's place,
freeza's on a completely different dimension from the rest of us!
there's still a surviving namekian, is there?
but there's something different about you from the other namekians.
there seems to be something special about you.
and even so, you are still utterly no match for me.
who is it? who has arrived? i don't know.
i can't tell whose ki that is.
piccolo? no, can't be. it couldn't be.
the ki's too great to be piccolo's.
gohan's ki has recovered as well.
i don't get anything that's going on!
now, to clean up the dregs of the universe.
i'll do this by myself. you guys stay out of it.
that person they call piccolo, he looks just like nail-san!
take shelter somewhere, dende!
you'll get caught in our crossfire.
do it quickly!
how does he know my name?
piccolo-sen!
it's senseless! not even piccolo has a chance of winning against that guy!
he may have a glib tongue,
but so long as he doesn't realize his opponent's battle power,
i wouldn't count on him.
everyone has stopped moving.
now what's going on?!
who is it that just showed up with the enormous k1"?
piccolo finally arrives at the scene of battle.
his challenge to freeza may be thought of as reckless.
does piccolo indeed have a chance of winning?
and what about goku?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in the face of freeza's overwhelming power,
gohan, kuririn, vegeta and dende's fates were like candles in the wind.
however, just then...
piccolo finally arrived!
having merged with nail to become several times more powerful,
piccolo was quite sure of himself.
"piccolo's self-confidence! i will be the one to defeat freeza."
i'll do this by myself. you guys stay out of it.
it's senseless! not even piccolo has a chance of winning against that guy!
piccolo-sen...
piccolo's ki has increased considerably since he left his training here.
what's going on?
in that case, kaio-sama,
are you saying piccolo has the potential to win against freeza?
no...
they have touched that which should have remained untouched.
freeza's power is unmatched.
if piccolo is beaten, kami-sama will also die.
if that happens, our chance at resurrection will probably be forever lost.
piccolo, you have to stick it out until goku has recovered!
that is the issue, isn't it?
leave this to me, he says.
he doesn't understand how terrifying freeza is!
he'll realize it soon enough.
piccolo-san isn't the kind of person who doesn't know his opponent's strength.
but gohan, piccolo hasn't...
i'm sure of it! piccolo-sen has a chance of winning!
a chance of winning?
there's no way he can win!
even though he may have shown up, our situation hasn't changed a bit.
but piccolo-sen is...
this ki is piccolo's. piccolo has been resurrected!
but this time his ki is different, more incredible than ever!
h-he looks just like nail-san,
but is this piccolo fellow also a warrior-type namekian?
you appear to be quite sure of yourself. but soon enough,
that surety will shatter, give way and turn to your begging for your life from me.
enough from you.
take this!
he did it!
way to go, piccolo!
struggle though he might, there's no way he can win.
i hate to admit it, but all i can do is escape and wait for another chance.
i'm not stupid enough to just wait around to be killed by freeza.
well, come on out!
you've got greater power than that, haven't you?
piccolo-sen!
you're not that bad.
i mean, you were able to dodge that from close range by a hair's breadth.
vegeta!
where are you going?
don't tell me you need to go pee, now.
dammit!
vegeta...
it won't do to have the prince of the warrior race saiyans...
sneaking away with his tail tucked between his legs.
however...
no matter what you may try, your destiny is to be killed by me.
you just sit still and wait for it.
once i kill the namekian, your turn comes next.
sorry for the delay.
now, show me the power of that confidence you hold.
you are a fool not to feel my terror!
gohan! piccolo has greater power than we can imagine!
we may be able to hope for something here.
right! piccolo-san will do it!
he's your sensei, after all, right?
right!
n-nail-san!
could it be?
piccolo-sen...
piccolo-sen!
do not be upset.
it will take more than that to kill him.
but i will show you how i'll take him apart!
you fought well, for a namekian. i'll give you credit for that.
but it's over. the fun stops now.
damn.
piccolo-sen!
we are now completely out of namekians.
what?!
piccolo-sen!
don't take me so lightly.
g-gohan! we might be able to win!
you could be right.
with piccolo and the three of us, this could turn out all right after all!
okay then, it's decided!
stay out of this!
i thought i told you i'd do this by myself.
but...
we can contribute at least something.
leave this to me.
that fool! this is our one chance to defeat freeza!
he's no match for freeza's power just by himself!
you filthy maggot!
haven't you realized it yet?
we can see through your every move!
what?! what do you mean "we?"
what does this mean?
piccolo!
piccolo...
piccolo's ki has surged yet again.
what's happening?!
you've become a giant, and you're using both hands, yet this is the best you've got?
that voice...
i know! what if i were to fight using only my left hand for you?
something like that cannot possibly work against me, can it?
surely you see there is no way you can win.
i have merged with piccolo.
what?!
l-i knew it!
by doing so, my power has increased several times over.
unite with me.
i am the... last warrior-type namekian left on my world.
what? unite with you?
that's right.
if you do, your current power will be increased several times over.
what incredible power!
what an unbelievably fearsome power this is!
is this what uniting with someone is like?!
awesome!
impossible! i don't believe it!
i have obtained the ultimate power!
piccolo-sen!
piccolo!
impossible!
what?!
he did it!
why, you!
nail has merged with piccolo, but can piccolo defeat freeza?
and what about goku?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
priding himself on his overwhelming strength, freeza fights toe-to-toe against piccolo.
following freeza's momentary advance,
piccolo takes the offensive, and lands some well-placed punches.
why, you...
"attack, goku!! an enraged freeza's second transformation."
incredible! he's holding his own against freeza!
no, he's doing better!
you really are incredible, piccolo-sen!
just what the hell has happened?
it hasn't been that long since he was defeated on earth!
we might actually be able to get out of this without dying, gohan!
right!
beat that freeza, who killed so many of us, using the power of nail-san!
what kind of training has piccolo undergone?
that's the way, stick with him until i get better!
kaio-sama, with piccolo powered-up as much as he is,
can he defeat freeze?
if he doesn't beat him for us, we're screwed!
so fast! and i should have the advantage of speed!
kuririn-san...
how can this be?
you mean, he hasn't been taking this seriously up until now?
what's the best step for me to take now?
what should i do?
damn you for making us rejoice prematurely!
nail-san...
piccolo! what kind of guy is this freeza?!
piccolo...
kaio-sama?
i told you, they have touched that which should not be touched...
piccolo... piccolo...
sorry about that just now.
i didn't give you enough credit.
but you are capable of more than i imagined.
i decided to show you some true power.
which is to say, my true power.
there's no end to his power!
was i really planning to fight against him?
so will l. let's make this genuine.
what's that?
you're saying you haven't been serious up until now?
i didn't realize that namekians told fish stories.
you'll find out very soon.
you worthless fool!
to have to resort to bluffing at this stage...
i-i get it!
piccolo's been fighting with that heavy turban and mantle on all this time?
now realize the fury of all the namekians who were killed by you!!
piccolo's ki is getting stronger again. this strength is the real thing!
he can win! piccolo-san can win!
piccolo! we're counting on you!
the situation has changed again!
you've removed those heavy garments and made yourself lighter...
which is supposed to mean your speed has become even more polished?
we'll have to see.
it will take more than this to satisfy the fury of the namekians!
he did it!
gohan!
kuririn-san!
nail-san!
nice going, piccolo-sen!
that's the way!
at this rate, kakarrot may still be in time.
in which case, i may get out of this alive!
and now to finish you off!
has freeza?
you don't suppose?
look there!
as tenacious as i expected.
you seem to be laboring under some false impression concerning my true power.
what?!
did you really think that what i just showed you was serious?
you couldn't have known i'd transformed myself, could you?
transformed, you say?
i will allow you the same thing i gave to vegeta and the others...
a feeling of absolute terror towards me.
all right, first i will instill a sense of hopelessness.
a hopelessness from knowing that nothing you can possibly do will help!!
every time i, freeza, transform myself, my power substantially grows!
and i still have two more transformations remaining!
do you know what that means?
what's this?
impossible!
gohan, what did he just say?
freeza can transform two more times.
now getting married is completely out.
so then, let me show it to you.
you guys should feel honored.
you're the first ones i've ever shown this transformation to!
watch carefully now!
here comes freeza-sama's second-stage transformation!
i apologize for the delay.
now then, shall we begin the battle once again?
y-you monster!
h-he hasn't changed all that much, has he?
idiot! try probing what his latent power is!
it's completely different from a moment ago!
yet he's settled down again, and he's regained his presence of mind!
he's also lost the damage that piccolo-san had inflicted on him!
damn it all! what's going on out there?
that ki of freeza's has gotten stronger again!
at this point, even once i completely recover,
i might not be able to beat him. now what?
freeza is a super-monster beyond imagination!
you had such confidence in your speed earlier, did you not?
so then, shall we have another look at it?
you bastard! if you've got the power, i've got the speed!
you won't catch up to me in this lifetime!
l-it can't be!
my goodness, it has been too long, my little toddler.
piccolo-san has lost his speed advantage over freeza!
does that mean freeza's power has gone up that much?
don't lose, nail-san!
thank goodness, you aren't dead! i'll heal you right away!
that's right!
there's still that trick!
it's all over now, isn't it?
piccolo...
shall we put an end to this play, then?
d-damn...
you have realized that, unfortunately enough, the speed you took such pride in
is of utterly no use against me now, have you not?
i would have you give up now!
s-so fast!
piccolo-sen!
they're impossibly fast! there's no way he can dodge them!
piccolo-sen...
piccolo!
piccolo!
stop it!
gohan!
gohan! dammit!
wait!
what are you doing, vegeta?!
there's no sense for you to go!
b-but if i don't...
listen here, at this rate, we're all going to be killed by freeza!
never mind him, you blast me half-to-death!
do it now!
once i get that kid to heal me, and rise from a near-death state one more time,
i'm certain to be able to become a super saiyan!
having transformed a second time, freeza has become even more powered-up.
piccolo faces a great pinch, as gohan leaps to his aid. how will this turn out?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
having merged with nail, and benefiting from that great power-up,
even freeza finds himself in a close battle against piccolo. however...
every time i, freeza, transform myself, my power substantially grows!
and i still have two more transformations remaining!
what's that?!
shall we put an end to this playing around, then?
the second transformation of freeza brings with it astounding battle power and speed.
stop it!!
"fear mel! freeza does battle with a third transformation."
what?
someone like you deserves to...
die!!
g-gohan!
full power!
that brat...
hang in there, gohan!
thank you, piccolo-sen!
quite strange.
that little one should not have such a battle power.
after recovering from near-death, it is as if he is a different person altogether.
that's it! the little one is a saiyan!
but whose child is he?
twenty years ago, with the exception of vegeta, nappa and raditz,
the saiyans were supposed to have been exterminated.
so whose is he?
he doesn't look like either vegeta or nappa...
so he's raditz's child?
there is something there that reminds me of him.
th-that blast that just got bounced back...
you've gotten stronger, gohan.
i'm so glad.
but it was no use.
i put everything i had into that, and it still didn't connect against freeza!
that brat...
he is indisputably drawing closer to becoming a super saiyan.
you!
you must have figured it out!
after coming one step away from death, when we saiyans recover,
our strength increases!
now listen!
before freeza makes his final transformation, you must render me half-dead!
well? do it now!
the blood of the saiyans must be completely cut off.
not because i believe in ridiculous legends, such as the super saiyan,
history's greatest warrior, but because i do not feel well with them around.
it is the principle of it all, with the little one and vegeta growing stronger so quickly.
if i injure myself, there will be no effect!
you must do it!
b-but my power isn't enough to bring you to near-death!
don't worry.
i'll lower my battle power as low as it will go.
your power will be enough.
we're just lucky that namekian kid down there can heal people instantaneously.
no matter how much i may hate you, how can i?
besides which, it's just about time for goku to recover.
kakarrot is a lowest-class warrior!
he won't get any stronger than that!
very well.
it would be a simple matter to blow you all to pieces in this current form,
but before i kill you, i will have you witness the terror of an ultimate power,
even more frightening than death!
ultimate... what now?
h-how can it be?
i do you a great service!
you will experience a terror even greater than that of hell's.
and so, gaze upon my final transformation!
my true form!
you rotten...
p-piccolo-san!
if you do it now, there's still time. hurry!
what?! what's wrong with this planet?
it's all over! i'm going to die here!
if i'd known son-kun were coming,
i could have left searching for the dragon balls up to him!
gohan-kun is a fool! kuririn is an idiot!
i hate you, son-kun!
freeza's ki is rising again.
am i going to get out of here in time?
hurry up! this is the only way!
it can't be...
dammit! there's no other choice!
can't you even do that, you good-for-nothing fool?!
that's not good enough! you have to shoot a stronger ki!
th-that's good...
i'm at last going to become... a super saiyan...
wh-why did kuririn-san shoot vegeta?
g-gohan! get out of here!
right!
are you okay, piccolo-sen?
i can't say that i am...
i know! it's all right, we can heal those injuries!
there's a namekian named dende that can heal injuries!
i'll go get him.
gohan!
kuririn-san, where's dende?
what?! you say you can't heal me?
th-that's right!
you're saying you could heal the others, but not me?
you killed many of my friends as well! i cannot heal someone like that!
y-you brat! so long as you don't heal me, freeza will not be beaten!
i won't!
h-hurry up... i'm starting to lose consciousness...
n... n... n...
i'm going to save the other one.
damn...
you... brat...
vegeta and the other saiyans gain a whole lot of strength once revived from near death.
you knew that, didn't you?
y-yeah.
and so, he had me blast him on purpose.
it sounded like he was sure he could beat freeza!
so that was why?
dende! dende!
vegeta!
they said... you can heal injuries. is that true?
y-yes!
dende...
i see, so that's it!
unbelievable! do i have the same ability?
no. you, like nail-san, are a warrior-type.
more importantly, dende,
i know how you feel, not wanting to heal vegeta.
for now, without him, there isn't anything we can do!
he...
he's just like freeza!
he's also killed so many namekians!
go heal him for me.
i can beat vegeta now, but i can't possibly beat freeza.
what now? freeza is...
he's finishing his transformation!
ah, hell. all this time, we should have masked our ki and hidden somewhere.
if we had done something like that,
he would just blow us away, planet namek and all!
he doesn't have any more use for this planet!
th-that is one impossibly huge ki.
th-the incredible beast is about to appear!
dende, please! heal vegeta!
dende...
we can see him now!
you little turd!
you just be grateful that i didn't kill you right here!
so that's freeza's battle power?
looks like he's revealed his true self.
freeza, or anyone else, bring it on!
i have now become a super saiyan!
so this is freeza? such an incredible ki!
at last, freeza completes his third transformation.
is there any hope left for gohan and the others?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
i do you a great service!
you will experience a terror even greater than that of hell's.
and so, gaze upon my true form!
freeza, or anyone else, bring it on!
i have now become a super saiyan!
at last, freeza shows his third transformation.
what is this unprecedented, ultimate power?
"the death of dende... come forth! intense, wide-open power."
that's freeza's true self?
he's smaller, more simple-looking, and less formidable...
he's become an excellent example of why...
you don't judge another's ability by outward appearances!
everything he's looked like up until now has been cute by comparison!
d-damn it to hell!
after all the trouble you went through to revive me with the dragon balls!
i'm sorry...
there's simply no way i can save the rest of you now. damn...
piccolo-sen...
freeza, you've finally shown your true form, have you?
even supposing son goku recovers,
freeza now has the power to destroy the universe as we know it.
this could be the point of no return!
how can this be?
freeza's ki has risen once again!
dammit...
"bang?"
what?
dendel!
i didn't see it coming!
a-all i saw was some kind of flash!
th-that's not possible!
now, there will be no more revivals.
dende...
someone just died. who was it? damn!
i can't tell what's going on any more!
dende's been... k-killed...
h-he...
he saw that we were being revived by that namekian...
that's why he was first...
damn you...
h-he vanished!
y-you fool!
j-just where...
over here!
how did he?
i made you a promise, didn't i?
to show you a terror even greater than hell's.
however, for that namekian child there to not be able to experience this,
it seems a shame, doesn't it?
i'll just have to let you guys take his share.
you bastard!
take this!
you're not getting away!
did you get him?
h-he's vanished again.
th-that's impossible!
you ignorant fools!
he's behind you!
what?!
as he said...
get out of the way!
worthless idiot!
o-once again...
i couldn't see... him move... or attack...
but he... vegeta saw it!
why? have his abilities gone up that much?!
thanks!
you saved me.
you've got it all wrong. i didn't do it to save you.
i thought i'd show you guys something good.
s-something good?
don't tell me you... you think you can beat him?
you might say that.
you can't possibly...
you guys are in our way.
pull back and watch very closely!
such confidence, vegeta.
or perhaps you're so frightened, something has snapped?
you just keep on smirking like that, while you still can.
what stands before you...
is that...
which you fear most!
a super saiyan!
super... saiy... an?
what's this "super saiyan" business he's talking about?
as always, your jokes go too far.
in that case, i'll show you the abilities i possess,
now that i have become a super saiyan!
is this ki vegeta's? he's had an incredible power-up!
a-awesome!
what's this?
why is he so powered-up?
it's like he's a different person!
what the hell happened to him?
wh-when a saiyan recovers from near-death,
their power goes up several times over!
what?!
gohan, let's put our money on vegeta, and take shelter for now.
right!
you know, to think that suddenly,
someone could have achieved this much of a power-up...
you can see it for yourself.
this is exactly why vegeta purposely came close to dying,
then got himself revived by dende.
s-so that's what he was doing, huh?
he was right...
and now, vegeta really is incredible!
with any luck, he might actually take freeza! right, gohan?!
wh-what? what happened?
they're both the same as they were before. what...
no, they aren't, gohan. try sensing vegeta's ki.
it's calm now, but unbelievably huge!
incredible! i can't believe his ki is so full!
yeah. vegeta really might be able to beat freeza at this point.
i'm supposed to think that somehow you've powered up quite a bit.
you dare say! just be grateful you don't have a scouter with you!
if your scouter were to read my battle rating now,
you would run away from here in tears!
the reason being, my power has now become even greater than yours!
brace yourself, freeza.
this time, for sure, you are going to meet your end!
what's the matter?
are you too frightened to say anything?
well, freeza-san?
okay, okay. i get you, i get you-
if you mean everything you said, then i've decided to see for myself
the power of this so-called, legendary super saiyan, the strongest warrior in history.
don't you mock me!
i see you!
kakarrot won't even get a turn!
l-lncredible!
he's completely got freeza on the run!
no!
v-vegeta's... h-had it!
p-piccolo-san...
what's the matter, freeza?!
you can't defeat me by running away!
what? i-it can't be! where is he?
there's no way i... a super saiyan like me could have lost sight of him!
what?!
im... possible...
i raise my speed in earnest for just a moment, and you can't keep up, can you?
and you call yourself a super saiyan?
l-it can't be...
how can he toy with vegeta, with all his power and speed?
he really is an unthinkable beast after all!
f-father!
a little longer... a little bit longer, and i will have recovered!
overwhelming speed and power...
and yet, it's still not enough to match freeza's ultimate power?
what will be the fate of vegeta, now that he has been shown his limits?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
im... possible...!
and you call yourself a super saiyan?
freeza conceals bottomless power.
can it be that even with vegeta's explosive power-up, he is no match for freeza?
"how i've waited for this moment!!! son goku revived."
running away?
what?!
no way!
his speed is...
damn! to think that freeza still hasn't gone all-out yet...
what a monster!
vegeta, quite frankly, using the attacks and speed you just did,
there's no way you can win against me.
as i recall, you said something about being a super saiyan.
if you are as you say,
does that mean that's the best the "strongest in history" can do?
up until this point, i could see him...
don't make me laugh.
the super saiyan is then no more than a trivial legend after all.
does this mean i've reached my limit?
have i not yet become a super saiyan?
or for that matter, is freeza an opponent not even a super saiyan can beat?
nonsense! there's no reason that should be so!
vegeta...
how can such a thing be?!
such a thing... could never be!!
you fool.
i see you!
i see you, freeza!
vegeta, you...
vegeta isn't blasting away blindly, he's carefully aiming every shot!
and yet freeza is decidedly keeping clear of them.
they're both unbelievable!
piccolo...
piccolo-sen...
what?!
l-i am...
lam a super saiyan!
burn in hell, freeza!
are you trying to destroy the whole planet, vegeta?!
what?!
it's just about time, i suppose.
i can't have him getting too carried away.
h-how could he...?
he bounced all that back with just a simple kick?!
vegeta had to have launched that attack at his full power!
he's incredible! he's more than incredible!
and now, you will experience a pain even greater than hell.
this time, you'll let me lead off.
mildly.
vegeta...
for the first time in his life, vegeta is trembling, from the bottom of his heart.
both from genuine terror, and from his conclusive frustration.
he's even shedding tears over his fright and hopelessness.
this is another first.
here goes. are you ready?
vegeta... vegeta has already lost the will to fight.
vegeta!
don't!
he's had it.
vegeta, i can't have you giving up after so little.
you'll have to go through more than this...
for a terror greater than hell's.
well? have you started to regret how foolish you've been?
you lower-life-form, nothing-in- your-mind-but-fighting saiyan-san?
i thought you at least were different, and i pampered you,
but you're just like the others who performed their foolishness, aren't you?
if you hadn't turned against me,
we would have gotten by without having to go through this.
v-veg eta!
if you want to save him, feel free at any time.
piccolo and the others,
faced with the terror of freeza, whose battle power is of a different dimension,
seem to be bound in place or something, all three of them unable to move.
vegeta's ki is rapidly shrinking...
and he was supposed to have gotten incredibly stronger.
is this freeza that strong?!
i'm healed!
i've gotten stronger!
it's like the power is welling up inside!
unbelievable! and here i thought i'd reached my limit.
it's enough to scare me!
but you know, it feels good!
even at a terrible time like this.
my apologies, gohan, kuririn, and piccolo!
i'm coming now! something might just become of this!
goku at last recovers.
how eagerly has this moment been anticipated?
you're the only one left
who can still offer resistance to the overwhelming power of freeza!
we're counting on you, goku!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
unable to do anything before the overwhelming power of freeza,
vegeta thoroughly loses his will to fight.
until finally, vegeta's death draws near.
at that moment...
son goku finally rises!
"such regret...!! vegeta, pride of the saiyans, dies."
damn...
piccolo-sen!
all right, they're very close.
my apologies, i'm coming now! something might just become of this!
how dull. you've utterly lost the will to fight back.
it's a little soon, but maybe i should finish you off.
so then, the identity of that huge ki was piccolo after all.
s-son!
nice. you were brought back here with the dragon balls, huh?
father!
are you all right now?
yeah. thanks to you guys, i've recovered from all that damage.
you've stuck it out well, gohan! leave it up to me now.
what?!
leave it up to you? what, are you planning on taking that freak on by yourself?
yep.
father!
a-are you really goku?
there's something different about the way your ki has felt up until now...
s-son!
is that son? he's got an unbelievable strength of ki.
there's no comparison to when he was on earth.
so you're freeza?
you're much more of a runt than i'd imagined.
so there's still another one of you scum left?
vegeta has promised to fight with me.
don't you interfere!
you... it's like i've seen you before...
k-kakarrot, it's you...
k-kakarrot? but that name is saiyan.
it's him!
freeza! get out here!
i won't let you get away with this!
he looks just like that last saiyan who opposed me when i destroyed planet vegeta.
i won't let a single one of you saiyans live.
don't you see, you would do well just to tremble before me.
maybe so.
h-he's not the same kakarrot as before...
he's at last climbed over the wall of his limitations...
wh-which means...
are you ready, then?
yeah.
wh-what was that? did goku just do something?
unreal!
not even i could see that clearly. he's exceeded freeza's speed!
oh, no! get out of the way, goku!
oh, no! get out of the way, goku!
you're an impudent one!
it can't be! he deflected every one of them, and with just one hand!
freeza, you'd better fight like you mean it!
h-he's the very thing you fear most...
a super saiyan!
that's right!
the strongest warrior in the universe, a super saiyan!
freeza, you're finished now! serves you right!
vegeta!
you knew, vegeta, that i hate such petty jokes, didn't you?
vegeta!
hey! vegeta was in a state where he couldn't even move!
there was no reason to finish him off on purpose!
the super saiyan is nothing more than a frivolous legend.
he wouldn't stop going on about it. i hate it when people get tedious.
k-kakarrot... vegeta!
are you... still reciting that soft crap? are you not a super saiyan?!
wait!
you foolish scum! get cold-hearted!
if you had only discarded your leniency, you would surely already be...
a super saiyan!
i just don't see how i could act as cold-hearted as you do.
and as for this super saiyan business, i don't know what you mean.
a-a super saiyan is...
how wonderful!
look at it, zarbon-san, dodoria-san!
behold such beautiful fireworks!
l-listen well, kakarrot...
and here i've pierced his heart.
what nerve. are you going to keep talking?
your... our planet of birth, planet vegeta... was not destroyed...
i-in a collision with a giant meteor...
don't say any more!
you're just hastening your death!
freeza did it...!
this after we saiyans... served as his hands and feet...
working exactly as he ordered...!
everyone besides us was killed...!
your father... and my father, the king, as well...!
freeza... was afraid that as the saiyans gathered strength...
a super saiyan would be born among us...
just listen to you.
vegeta!
l-i beg you...! freeza... defeat freeza...!
please... by your saiyan hand...
vegeta...
has he finally croaked?
well, shall we reconvene this show of terror, then?
for you to cry...
for you to beg of me, must have been awfully difficult, i bet.
i understand.
it wasn't that your fellow saiyans had been killed that was rough on you...
having to do as he told you must have been worse than anything you could stand.
i hated you so much...
but you had your saiyan pride.
and now i too will share in some of that pride of yours.
i am a saiyan raised on earth!
for all the saiyans who were killed by you...
as well as for all the namekians here...
lam going to beat you!
such drivel.
son goku opens his eyes to his saiyan pride.
just how great is his terrible anger?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
i-i beg you...! freeza... defeat freeza...!
please... by your saiyan hand...
vegeta dies.
for you to beg of me, must have been awfully difficult, i bet.
i understand.
it wasn't that your fellow saiyans had been killed that was rough on you...
i hated you so much...
but you had your saiyan pride.
and now i too will share in some of that pride of yours.
i am a saiyan raised on earth!
"the curtain rises over the ultimate battle!! i am going to defeat you."
for all the saiyans who were killed by you...
as well as for the namekians here...
lam going to beat you!
such drivel.
it utterly sickens me how you worms can share this consciousness among yourselves.
a worm is a worm.
your legend will not be fulfilled.
i don't have anything to do with this super saiyan stuff. still...
lam going to defeat you!
how is the situation on namek?
vegeta has died.
wh-what's that?!
vegeta, did you say?
that's right. he was killed by freeza, and easily so.
even though he served as freeza's hands and feet, working exactly as ordered,
in the end he was betrayed and killed by him. what a shame!
it was his pride as a saiyan, i suppose.
so that's how terrifying a guy this freeza is, then?
they touched that which must not be touched.
that which must not be touched!
damn it all! not even goku is a match for a rat like that!
so, what about goku?
he intends to fight.
it seems that, no matter what, he's determined to defeat freeza.
goku!
g-goku...
goku!
he's got such power under wraps.
goku, when did you find all that power?
i implore you, son goku, defeat him,
and give me another chance to challenge you!
you guys, get away from this place! we're in the way here!
gohan! hurry up!
gohan!
father!
father, don't die! let freeza have it!
so fast!
father...
i get it. he can't sense ki!
father!
gohan!
it's incredible! it's too incredible!
that got him for sure.
th-this is a saiyan?
so many of these insects have overestimated their own power,
and defied me up until now.
i've never seen a saiyan able to take things this far!
over there!
h-has something happened?
d-don't tell us son has...?
he's putting up a good fight.
these saiyan characters are strange ones.
or perhaps this is limited to goku, but there's no upper limit to his strength.
it's like he's a different person from when he trained here.
he really is impossible to understand, indeed.
such an unusual guy...
such an unusual guy!
ah, that was good!
but it's no use. i can't walk any more!
i'm going to die here.
without ever getting back to earth...
without anyone to watch over me... quietly...
it's true what they say, beautiful women do die young.
that's enough!
who would ever expect me to die here among all these frogs?!
oooh, yow.
now, then...
he's not that bad...
you're an impudent one!
what's this?
l-it's an eruption! what's it doing there?
father!
gohan!
if you go, you'll just get in the way. have faith!
goku isn't as green as all that!
father...
son...
that's far enough.
i wonder if he's burned up.
what a disappointing way to end the scene.
goku!
oh dear, you didn't have to come all this way.
i would have come to you.
i'll kill you quickly.
that was close, that was close!
if i'd fallen in there, i would've died!
here goes.
son!
son! behind you!
i'm not going to keep falling into the same trap like that!
don't go messing up other people's planets so much!
what will you do once you break it?!
frightening powers tear the land and rend the sky.
however, goku and freeza display nothing but confidence on their faces.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
at last, goku and freeza clash.
freeza's power slices the air and rends the ground!
however, goku has not fallen behind!
you're an impudent one!
son! behind you!
i'm not going to keep falling into the same trap like that!
"the two superpowers collide! a fistfight where both turn serious!!!"
sit tight, gohan!
your ma is comin' to save you right now!
say there, chichi-san, won't you please re-think this?
planet namek will be dangerous for you.
he's right! let's leave all of this up to son-in-law!
my bulma-chan is there with him.
it will be fine!
no! i'm goin'!
after all, you can bet goku-sa ain't makin' gohan-chan do his homework properly!
yajirobe!
i've brung a message from karin-sama.
'parently piccolo got to namek all right.
piccolo?!
if he hangs around with the likes of him, gohan-chan will become a delinquent!
i can't dawdle around any longer!
let go of me! let me go!
the repairs to the spaceship aren't likely finished yet!
that kinda thing takes a lotta time!
that's right!
ah, here, everyone's all together!
the third time around, i could handle it without even looking at the blueprints.
well, chichi-san, the repairs on the spaceship are finished.
i can have you take off any time.
i-ls there something...?
there's no other way, is there?
we can't very well let chichi-san go alone.
at this point, we all go together...
listen here! if we all put our efforts together,
we just may be of help to goku and the others!
why'd ya need me too?!
you seem to be much stronger than i thought.
i'm a little surprised.
to think that there was someone in the world
who could reach even higher than commander ginyu...
but you are still no match for me.
maybe not.
but we just don't know!
i know!
right back at you!
he's escaped from my kiai-ho!
damn!
hurry and come back up!
it'll take more than that to beat you.
that rat has incredible speed as well.
so, now what do i do?
he can't find his opponent by just feeling out their ki, the way we can.
he's always used his eyes to locate me.
all right, let's make use of that!
wh-what's wrong? goku still hasn't come up!
it's okay! father's ki hasn't diminished one bit!
you know, it's been a while since i've done this.
i wonder if old man turtle hermit is doing okay.
ka... me... ha... me...
n-ha!
okay, just like that, just like that!
what's the matter? not ready yet?
and here i was about to deliver a final blow...
i guess we're just about ready.
all right, here goes!
off you go!
here he comes!
that's not him!
and the other!
this way?
no!
father!
a great success!
huh? he ain't the least bit affected?
to think that you could do this much.
you're the first one aside from my father who i've had to dust off after.
this might be the first time i've ever been this excited.
how shall i dish this out?
you got me!
i thought that would have at least had some effect on you.
i think i'll torment him a little...
that bastard! this is telekinesis!
dammit!
okay, if that's how it is...
you are impudent!
what is this?!
l-it's like a whole island!
an island is floating there!
goku!
this is the end for sure.
you've fallen for it!
oh, hell!
i... can't... move...!
this serves you right!
when i miss, you're finished!
if i don't somehow find my way out of this...!
we're just about at game set!
are you getting tired of this?
what?!
you might die this time, huh?
gohan!
ah, piccolo-sen!
goku...
father...
what kind of guys are these?!
freeza's just playing around!
if he felt like it, he's got the power to destroy this whole planet.
and yet, seeing as how we're all still alive here...
it means he really is just playing around, huh?
what a punk he is!
piccolo-sen, what about father...?
there's no use worrying!
that jerk hasn't gotten serious yet either!
look over there!
father!
that was a little too close.
i'll have to be on guard against that attack.
didn't i tell you earlier?
don't bust other people's planets up so much!
goku... but how?
at the moment of the explosion,
he escaped from being bound up in there at super-speed.
he did something that incredible? in that instant?
they're freaks! both of them, dammit!
you're a persistent one!
even i am starting to get annoyed.
so am i.
i think i'll put an end to all this warming up,
and finally get serious about this.
me too.
a clash of technique against technique!
explosive power versus power!
however, to goku and freeza, is this no more than simple warming up?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
freeza's fearsome, severely brutal power assaults goku again and again.
however, goku is not giving in.
they're freaks! both of them, dammit!
i think i'll put an end to all this warming up,
and finally get serious about this.
me too.
is this where the real super battle begins?
"freeza's terrible declaration! i will defeat you without using my hands."
wh-what a ki!
mid-air battle or ground battle, which are you better at?
which, you ask? i guess ground battle.
where are they going?
they're just changing locations.
they're probably moving to someplace where they can fight to their heart's content.
what incredible guys!
father...
this means we're going to fight on the ground, where i'm better at it?
i'm getting good service.
or is it... you're that confident?
when you look at me this way, i'm very kind.
i know! how about i offer you another great service?
great service?
i will keep myself from using both my hands!
how's that?
both hands?
how very generous of you.
so then, can i start us off?
of course.
whatever you like.
ah, i've finally perfected it.
well, she sure seems to be in a hurry to depart.
yes, indeed!
why are you dawdlin' around?!
tell me! when exactly can we leave?!
while we're all down here like this, my gohan-chan is...!
gohan-chan is...!
s-see here, chichi-san! calm down!
yes, indeed!
what are you doin' durin' all this commotion?!
dirty old man!
not at all, chichi-san!
yeah, converting this from a single-seater to a five-seater is quite a chore.
ah, that reminds me, i haven't decided where to place the stereo speakers.
we don't need that stuff! hurry up and make this thing go!
the biggest issue there is the energy, you see.
the difficulty is, in order to fill up this spaceship with energy,
it's going to take a little time.
sq?
how long's it gonna take?
well, i just started a moment ago, so... i don't know.
what?!
you know, guys...
how come we have to go to planet namek too?
that's the place where piccolo was born.
on top of that, vegeta and other even more terrifying guys will be there!
yamucha-sama!
i, pu-erh, vow to go and strike down yamucha-sama's enemies!
"certain victory."
please just sit tight, okay?
you're not gonna live too long, are you?
come on! to think, me, goin' to planet namek?
don't even kid 'bout that! i'm gettin' out while i still...
thinking of running away by yourself, huh? not going to be that easy!
oh dear, what's the matter? have you finished attacking?
your motions are too slow!
there, and now from the left.
next, from the right!
right! left! right!
and the final one, left!
he's strong! got great speed too, as big as his talk.
g-goku...
father!
it's strange. here i am fighting someone so incredibly strong,
and i'm giddy with excitement!
if you're not going to come at me, then i'll bring it to you again!
you know something, i'm glad i met you!
i was getting so bored, and the creatures on this planet are all so weird anyhow...
ah, sorry, sorry! i've hurt your feelings!
you're an exception!
when i first saw all of you clustered around, i was all freaked out,
but you alone were different!
that's enough!
who would ever expect me to die here among all these frogs?!
ah, so gross!
you seemed to have a lot of promise, so i'll let you be my friend!
do you want to eat some too?
for a frog, you're really eating this stuff, huh? well then...
would you eat some of this, too?
it's been a long time since i laughed so hard!
overall, you really do seem to understand what i'm saying.
say! if we had a translator device, i bet i could talk to you!
i'm so clever!
it's finished!
that was easier than i expected.
indeed, the word "impossible" doesn't exist for a genius like me, bulma-sama!
here goes!
switch on!
go on, try saying something!
don't be shy!
chaan-ge !
wh-what's this? what is it?
you're the first person i'd encountered in some time, so i tagged along,
hoping some kind of chance would come around...
but to think that i'd be able to change so soon...
wh-what am i doing over there?!
just what is going on here?!
you have my gratitude, little miss.
it's enough that i want to dance the dance of joy!
however, this is one unsightly form!
well then, how about i set out to find a stronger body?
who would have thought he could have possibly done this much?
dammit... i can't get free...!
i thought you weren't going to use your hands, right?
the service time has run out.
well, let me offer my service,
if you want to call it that, by giving you some advice.
advice?
you put too much faith in your own strength.
as a result, you leave yourself wide open to attack.
my thanks.
incredible!
goku's super power is such that not even freeza is able to appraise it.
with his pride injured, will freeza's anger explode?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
i thought you weren't going to use your hands, right?
the service time has run out.
well, let me offer my service, if you want to call it that,
by giving you some advice.
you put too much faith in your own strength.
as a result, you leave yourself wide open to attack.
my thanks.
amazing! can both fighters still be in the initial phase of their battles?
just how far will their powers extend?
"that was no idle boast!! son goku, an audacious, wonderful guy."
you're strong!
enough that i would even say marvelously so.
why, thank you.
however, i am growing tired of this fight.
i'm thinking it's about time to bring it to a conclusion.
before the end, let me ask you, just in case. how about it?
wouldn't you like to work underneath me?
it would be a shame to have to wipe out all that power you have.
you would be able to do work so much better than commander ginyu.
you've got to be kidding.
you really expect me to accept that offer?
i thought you would say that.
you saiyans as a group are stubborn to the point of being fools.
well, there is only one route left for you to take.
just death.
we'll see. it won't be so easy.
such confidence! but i am aware of what you're doing.
while you say you're being serious,
you're still keeping back a good deal of your power.
my secret's out, is it?
keeping that in mind, the way i figure it,
using about 50 percent,
or in other words, half of my max power,
i can turn you into space dust!
what?!
that's a bit of an exaggeration!
you're trying to feed me too large a bluff.
it's been fun.
it's been quite a long time since i've had this kind of exercise.
wh-what's going on?
those two are just staring at each other now.
both of them are searching for the right timing to begin again.
besides which, it feels like we're about to be crushed
by both of their tremendous ki alone.
father can win this, right?
there's no way we can tell.
their power is particularly greater than anything we can comprehend.
that's true.
yahoo!
h-hey, you mecha-no sense! i'm not this poor a pilot!
why is it, with all my beauty and glamour, and my super-cute face,
that i have to be turned into a frog?!
everything that's happened to me, it's all those guys' fault!
h-hey you, what are you doing?!
hurry up and give me my body back!
i can't see in front of us!
look out!
th-that was perfect!
b-bulma-san!
b-bulma-san, why have you come here?
it's extremely dangerous!
bulma-san?
huh? what's that?
goku and freeza are over there...
what?
bulma-san, you shouldn't go there!
th-that's freeza-sama?
it's a shame. it really is a shame.
if you were to become one of my men, wonderful things would await you every day.
king vegeta, vegeta...
and that lower-class warrior burdock...
every single one of them, so terribly obstinate.
dammit...
that's what cost them their lives.
h-how marvelous!
freeza-sama's body is responding spontaneously to goku's power!
after taking goku's attacks, every nerve in his body has a precise read on him.
is this the power of freeza?
fantastic!
bulma-san...
that over there isn't me! it's a frog, a frog!
i'm bulma! you have to understand!
all right! nice!
ah, i get it! you're...
you've finally gotten it, huh?!
you're that ginyu guy!
what are you doing hanging around in a place like this?
you'd better hurry and seek shelter somewhere, it's dangerous here!
that's not it!
using about 50 percent, or in other words, half of my max power,
i can turn you into space dust!
he ain't bluffing...
what speed!
i didn't see that at all!
son! father!
bravo! what an attack to behold!
to think that i should be able to see freeza-sama's form like this! i... i...
freeza-sama, i'm so glad i trusted and stayed with you!
what are you saying, bulma-san?
father is the one getting beaten up!
that's right!
bulma-san, please go somewhere safe and take refuge right away!
what are you talking about?!
i'll never see another fight like this!
i wonder if she hit her head or something back when we left her by herself.
again, i couldn't see freeza's movement...
can there be this much difference in our powers?
didn't i say so? if i use only half of my max power,
i could turn you into space dust, as i recall.
dammit!
on you go!
all rig hty.
takeoff preparations are complete.
sensei, give son-in-law our best!
tell gohan i'm waitin' for him here on earth!
ask bulma-chan to bring us back some souvenirs of planet namek's cakes, okay!
sit tight, gohan-chan!
we're comin' to save you right now!
is this for real?
are we actually going to planet namek?!
yamucha-sama!
(amidha sutra)
ls everyone ready for this?
it's about time for the countdown.
10... 9...
8... 7...
i don't wanna go to planet namek!
(amidha sutra)
4...
3...
(amidha sutra)
1...
blast-off!
here it goes...
y-y-yam ucha-sama!
lemme off! i don't wanna die yet!
lemme off! lemme off, 'kay?! 'kay?!
hey, forgive me, forgive me.
i made a mistake!
welcome!
your speed is too low! anyone can see that!
what's the matter?
never mind half my max power, i'm not even using a third!
serves you right!
looks like you're finally starting to get a little winded.
then again, it's amazing you haven't died yet.
l-it's no use. he's too strong!
to think he's this strong...!
kaio-sama, goku is still wearing that heavy gi, isn't he?
what he has on now is only tough, it's not heavy.
l-i see...
o-oh no! is there anything else?
goku...
there's nothing to worry about, chaozu!
goku is going to win this fight!
aren't you forgetting about the kaio-ken technique?
with goku as he is now,
he should be able to withstand as much as ten times his regular power!
oh, yeah!
that's it!
all right! all right, all right!
no...
regrettably, what he's using right now is that very times ten kaio-ken...
it can't be!
th-this isn't good! there's too much difference in their abilities!
father...
bulma-san?
that's our freeza-sama! against goku... such grandeur!
wh-who the hell are you?!
who, me?
watch out, piccolo!
as kaio's words cut off any encouraging news about goku,
who is already using a ten-fold kaio-ken,
is there any glimmer of hope remaining for him?
and what of ginyu, as he closes in on piccolo with his finishing technique?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
didn't i say so? if i use only half of my max power,
i could turn you into space dust, as i recall.
aren't you forgetting about the kaio-ken technique?
with goku as he is now,
he should be able to withstand as much as ten times his regular power!
regrettably, what he's using right now is that very times ten kaio-ken...
not even goku's ten-fold kaio-ken is of any use against freeza.
freeza has terrifying, transcendently evil power!
"showdown!! the embodiment of flame in a 20-times kaio-ken kamehame-ha."
that's our freeza-sama!
he's just playing with goku! such composure!
wh-who the hell are you?!
wh-who, me?
he's a frog! a frog, i tell you!
chaan-ge !
th-then, this frog is...
b-bulma-san?
haven't i been saying so all this time?!
i'll send you all to hell!
i'll never get anywhere like this.
your body is mine!
chan-ye!
what?!
piccolo, watch out!
i... i can't... move...!
piccolo-sen!
p-piccolo-san...
wh-what happened?
my hands...
my feet...
(my bod) -
ow! my cheek...!
yeah! yeah, yeah!
i'm back in my original body!
ow, ow! th-thank goodness, bulma-san, but it's very dangerous here!
if you don't take cover soon...
enough already!
bulma-san!
get over here and save me!
this is getting ridiculous.
you can entertain me a little bit more, if you like.
what a technique!
as i told you,
if i had to, i could destroy this whole planet.
i am the one who destroyed planet vegeta.
l-i've had it.
i can't win.
wh-what did he do?
h-he's cut the whole planet!
n-never mind that, i have to wonder if goku is planning something.
it looks like he's starting to take a one-sided beating!
he's got no plan!
the fact is, freeza's power is impossibly greater than goku or us could have thought!
you don't have to worry.
i wouldn't kill you instantly with something like that.
d-dammit...
otherwise, i wouldn't be able to placate my anger.
so, how about goku?
even using his upper limit of a times ten kaio-ken,
is son being defeated, kaio-sama?
on top of that, freeza seems to only be using half of his power!
th-that can't be!
this is why i told him that no matter what happens,
he must not set his hand to freeza.
he has lost!
so, then...
what can i do to cause you the most pain?
should i break your arm? rip off your ears?
or perhaps i'll slit your throat.
th-the only thing i can do is pull up to a times twenty kaio-ken somehow!
my body may not be able to handle it, though.
but if, like he says, he really is only using fifty percent of his power now,
there ain't nothing else i can do...
it's much too late for you to start agonizing.
you're the one who started this, after all.
you will become my toy, until i grow tired of you!
what's the matter?
if you don't resist a little for me,
i will find you unresponsive and get bored!
hey, hey, the fun is just beginning!
it's much too soon for you to be going to bed!
it's no use!
how does it feel to become a fish?
kuririn!
goku-sa!
g-goku!
goku!
chichi! where are you?!
old man turtle hermit! oolong!
o-old timer!
chichi!
goku-sa! goku-sa!
father!
gohan!
father!
wh-what?!
father!
g-goku!
for the future of gohan, chichi, earth, and planet namek...
i absolutely must not lose!!
fifty percent power, he says...
whether those words are a bluff, or whether they ain't,
all i can do is stake everything on a times twenty kaio-ken!
ka... me...
ha... me...
ha!!
damn it to hell...!
now that even his twenty-fold kaio-ken was of no use,
is there any chance of victory left for goku?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
fifty percent power, he says...
whether those words are a bluff, or whether they ain't,
all i can do is stake everything on a times twenty kaio-ken!
ka... me...
ha... me...
ha!!
goku has risked it all on a twenty-fold kaio-ken! and yet...
"a super-huge genki dama... i'm playing my last card!!"
it's no good.
not even with goku's times twenty kaio-ken.
how can it be?
that didn't have much effect on him at all!
he wasn't bluffing this time either!
h-he really hasn't been using any more than half of his power!
ow, ow ow! where am i?
let's see...
i was a frog, and the frog was me, and kuririn was there...
um, and son-kun might have been there...
enough! what's taking son-kun so long?
just take care of those aliens, already!
this planet really is the worst!
i've found you! this is your fault!
you won't get away with it!
unbelievable! goku's kamehame-ha just now had incredible power!
y-yeah...
why, then?
why is it that freeza has barely taken any damage, then?
father's ki has dropped considerably!
to think that a guy like that could exist in this world!
it's utterly lost.
it's just as kaio said.
no matter what, we should have kept our hands off of freeza.
th-that was a close one!
how?!
how does that lower life form saiyan have such awesome power?
this is the first time anyone has done this much harm to my body!
you damn saiyan!
that one...
hurt.
it hurt!!
father!
monkey!
what happened to all that energy you had a moment ago?
k-kaio-sama, what is happening?
he's being beaten! goku is taking a one-sided beating!
h-he's what?!
h-he can't be!
f-freeza is frighteningly strong.
that twenty-power kaio-ken was beyond goku's limits after all.
what's wrong?
have you finally used up the last of your power?
how dull.
and here i thought i'd found an opponent i could get somewhat serious over.
i really have lost a great deal of power.
looks as though that times twenty kaio-ken had its price, all right.
indeed, the saiyans are a lower life form, whose only talent is in fighting.
every last one of you are fools.
killing you off was the right decision.
it's... all over...
kakarrot, you disappoint me!
is that the extent of your power?
where has your saiyan pride gone?
i ain't no saiyan!
are you still saying that?! you're a saiyan unlike any other!
vegeta, none of that matters now. team up with me...
you are a saiyan!
you have the fighting saiyan people's blood flowing through you!
do you not feel the anguish?
the man who destroyed planet vegeta,
the world where you and i were both born, is this same freeza!
does it not wound your pride as a saiyan to be battered about by him?!
saiyan... pride?
your father, burdock...
as well as my father, king vegeta...
kakarrot, you are the last remaining saiyan!
he wants to kill every last saiyan.
this is because he fears the birth
of what is said to be the strongest warrior in the universe,
the legendary super saiyan!
if i could have, i would have killed him by my own hand.
and then i get killed like a rag doll!
if you understand my anguish,
then be sure to kill him by your hand!
i... don't understand what it is you're thinking.
i hate that sort of thing!
but i won't let you die easily.
i still want to have some fun, you see.
vegeta, i was raised on earth,
so i don't know anything about being saiyan.
but i can at least understand your grief!
you're talking nonsense again.
i must not lose.
i must not lose, not to the likes of freeza!
stop messing with me!
what?!
don't fool...
with me!
why, you!
that was kind of close just now!
looks like you've got a bit of fight back in you.
but you saiyans are still lower life forms.
i can read what you're going to do next as you attack.
you will forever be unable to beat me!
f-father!
looks like this is it.
you'll be wanting to die pretty soon, right?
i'll put you out of your misery right now!
what's that? what's the matter?
it's bubbles-kun!
it sounds like it came from the house!
what's the matter, bubbles?
gregory!
it looks like there's someone in there!
ah, yum! yum! look at all this food!
yummy, yummy!
who are you guys?!
reacoom!
butta!
jheese!
ghurd!
together we are...
the ginyu special corps!
it's missing something, huh?
maybe because the commander isn't here.
we haven't done this in a while, either.
no, it has to be the gravity!
okay, let's try it again!
together we are...
the ginyu special corps!
all right! that one went well!
we nailed it!
okay, from now on, that's how we'll do it.
wh-what's the deal... with these guys?
i can't take it any more! i'm going!
w-wait!
how come? father will be killed!
goku is about to do something!
but what?
what can he hope to do with such little remaining power?
what's this? what are you trying to do?
ah! a genki dama!
what? a genki dama?
th-that's right. the genki dama,
a last-ditch technique he learned from kaio-sama.
the foliage and animals on this planet,
as well as ourselves, and even microorganisms...
he takes a fraction of the genki, the basic energy of life,
from every living thing, and apportions it to himself.
and then... and then he creates a ball of energy, and attacks with it!
what?!
damn, kaio.
you kept that back from us, didn't you?
b-but will it work against freeza?
there's a far smaller number of living things on this planet than on earth!
what choice is there?! goku has to realize that too!
are you saying there's another option left?!
all we can do is gamble that this works!
i can't beat freeza with just the energy from this planet.
those planets in the vicinity of namek,
i only need a little from each of you...
share some of your genki with me!
th-this genki dama is the last thing i wanted to use.
there'll probably be too much force to it!
it will be hard not to squash the planet itself!
but if i don't wipe out freeza here and now,
the universe itself could be torn apart!
i don't know if this is going to go right or not,
but it's all i can do now!
what's this you're doing?
you're still thinking of trying some kind of nonsense, are you?
what can you possibly do, as worn out as you are?
g-goku...
can you really beat freeza with a genki dama?
wh-what's this i'm sensing?
l-it's...
g-genki dama...
i-it can't be! it's so huge!
a genki dama, loaded with the hopes of the universe.
will this turn out to be goku's very last card?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
dammit, i can't let myself lose to the likes of him!
the terrifying freeza...
what is this last card that goku is playing?
this genki dama is the last thing i wanted to use.
there'll probably be too much force to it!
it will be hard not to squash the planet itself!
what's this you're doing?
you're still thinking of trying some kind of nonsense, are you?
what can you hope to do as worn out as you are?
g-genki dama'.!
it can't be! that giant thing?
"keep the chance alive!! piccolo's suicide support strike."
what is it? what is he doing?
why is he just standing there like that, not showing any movement?
grass, trees, and animals of namek,
as well as all living things in the universe, share your genki...
just a little bit each is fine... share your genki with me, please...
you guys don't know how strong son-kun is!
from the time he was little,
he endured rigorous training under the turtle hermit!
he also won the tenkaichi tournament, and such.
he takes care of the bad guys in the blink of an eye!
get it?!
if son-kun goes all-out, that strange alien would be finished with one blow!
you're friends with that alien, aren't you?
if you are friends, then it's in that alien's best interest for you
to stop him before son-kun gets too serious!
how about you go persuade him?
make that clear to him! make it clear!
l-it's huge! man, is that huge!
is it really all that huge?
the one on earth was about this big.
this one's about fifty meters in diameter!
no matter what he's done, he couldn't have made
that large a genki dama with just the energy of this planet.
goku must be gathering ki from planets all over the place!
freeza still doesn't seem to have realized it.
why doesn't he attack with that ball right now?
unless he gathers more ki and makes it even bigger,
he won't be able to defeat freeza.
that must be what goku's thinking.
f-father, hurry! hurry!
planets of the universe, lend me your genki!
what's wrong?
you're planning to do something, aren't you? so do it!
that is unless, are you supposed to be raising your hands in surrender?
all the time it takes to gather the ki required
is this technique's greatest weak spot!
don't let him find out about this for a little while more, please!
reacoom!
butta!
jheese!
ghurd!
together we are...
the ginyu special corps!
that's it! that's it!
yeah, no matter how many times we do it, our special fighting pose is terrific!
it's a small planet, but still quite a nice place, isn't it?
how about we make this our secret hideout for the time being?
that's a good idea.
we, the ginyu special corps, will control the next world as well!
these jerks are warped!
these are the guys that were able to toss even vegeta around like child's play,
the ginyu special corps!
vegeta?!
are you folks colleagues of vegeta-chan, then?
then this won't take long.
we are the ginyu special corps, who collect nebula for ourselves.
we're not at all like vegeta!
that's right! if my luck hadn't turned on me,
i would have taken that monkey scum out with one shot!
well, we don't need to dwell on the past.
in any case, we've come to like this planet.
you're going to let us stay here.
you guys are an annoyance! you'll have to leave!
don't you ask such a selfish thing!
you guys get out of here!
yeah, yeah!
these young men here want to have a go at us!
interesting! and just as we're here wanting to get rowdy on someone!
whoa, before we do,
hasn't the commander always said that once we get to a new planet,
we should try out our techniques first?
because the effectiveness of some techniques depends on the place?
that's right! okay then...
dammit! how dare you destroy someone else's things!
so, now it's my turn.
nicely done!
ghurd's telekinesis is as good as ever!
well then, last comes me!
(reacoom eraser gun').!
that he should have that kind of force on this planet, with its ten-fold gravity...!
looks as though we can use all our techniques on this planet too!
what's all this commotion?!
kaio-sama!
i will not admit those of you who disrupt this planet!
i will have you leave immediately.
huh? some strange old man has come out!
old man, does this mean you want to play around with us?
you guys wouldn't be able to lay one hand on me.
you seem to enjoy your jokes.
why don't you test me to see if i'm joking or not?
okay, then!
goku's genki dama...!
cut it out already!
how long do you intend to just stand there like that?
good question. how long indeed?
damn you!!
h-he's found out!
no! not yet!
so, what's the matter?
you were going to attack me somehow, right?
are you trying to make a fool of me?
a little more...
so, what are you going to do?
g-goku!
father!
gohan, kuririn, give over what remaining ki you have to me!
give it to me, now!
right!
hey, don't be in such a rush!
don't toy with me, you monkey scum!
don't think about anything else!
concentrate your ki!
right!
i don't know what you saiyans are thinking.
it's the same as it was back then.
you're a most unpleasant group.
i have no intention of continuing this uninteresting battle any further.
i'm going to finish both you and this planet off at once.
just another runt will have died,
and the saiyans will be completely eliminated from this world!
the super saiyan was nothing more than a bedtime story after all.
that's not the sun! what is it?!
he found it!
wh-what is that?!
it couldn't be... a mass of energy?
y-you did that?!
all right, that's enough.
save a little ki for yourselves.
looks as if he's finally found it out.
gohan, kuririn, you two stay here!
no matter what happens, stay back!
h-he's been forming that up in the sky?!
where did he find that much remaining power?!
it's no use! even if i use the genki dama now, he will avoid it!
besides which, that ball still ain't enough to defeat freeza, dammit!
you were planning to take me by surprise with that?
you're so pathetic!
however, even this desperate measure has become worthless!
too bad!
damn!
be gone!
piccolo!
goku, hurry up and complete this "genki dama" of yours!
i owe you one!
make it fast, goku!
with the power i have, it was all i could do just to blindside him!
gotcha!
are you still lurking about, you miserable namekian?!
so, let's stop the chatter and blow all these guys away!
ah, wait! i'm leaving this up to you guys!
y-you wouldn't!
our opponents are awfully tough!
ten-san'.!
piccolo accomplishes a flawless support strike.
goku, now is the time! make that super-giant genki dama full!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
he's been forming that up in the sky?!
where did he find that much remaining power?!
you were planning to take me by surprise with that?
you're so pathetic!
too bad!
be gone!
piccolo!
goku, hurry up and complete this "genki dama" of yours!
are you still lurking about, you miserable namekian?!
"the incredible destructive force of the genki dama!! who will survivel?"
all of you sneaking around like this, you're like pestering flies!
aren't you done yet, son goku?!
haven't you completed the genki dama yet?!
that freeza creep is quite thoroughly pissed off!
l-it's no good! this is still going to take some time!
shoot it! shoot it, already!
l-it's no use... just a little longer...
for someone too stubborn to die...
are you still hanging around here?
i'll show you the power of someone too stubborn to die!
piccolo-sen...
piccolo may be intent on dying.
he probably used up the greater part of his power in that blindside attack earlier.
he's risking his own life to buy time for goku to finish the genki dama!
piccolo-sen!
wait, gohan!
goku, please hurry!
that was useless.
didn't you get it when i told you it was useless?
apparently, you wish to die early.
goku! hurry...
hurry and complete the genki dama!
piccolo...
piccolo...
tenshinhan...
these guys pushed vegeta around like he was a baby! be careful!
here goes!
oh, look out!
save me!
you 9 "ysi."
attack! attack, i say!
that's easy for you to say!
they're even... stronger... guys than... vegeta was!
dammit, i'll do it!
what?
you're weaker than we thought, aren't you?!
what?!
we can win this!
all right, me too!
i get it! it's not that they're weak, it's that we're strong!
this is the result of our training!
the fruits of having received kaio-sama's judicious training!
they're better than i thought.
hey, if we get serious, they'll be no problem!
hey, reacoom, shake it off!
nice! this is how it ought to be!
i am totally up for this!
(reacoom body attack').!
all right...!
hey!
ginyu special corps' red magma, jheese!
ginyu special corps' blue hurricane, butta!
now!
goku, isn't the genki dama ready yet?
still longer, goku?
i've just about reached my limit.
just a little longer...
just a little longer, and it will beat freeza...
as you wish, i'll kill you first.
those guys, they scraped that together with what little ki they had left!
that there should still be some flies there that had not run away...
you folks really are good at annoying someone...
this is as far as it goes!
i'm going to trash you, along with the whole planet!
goku! still not yet?!
okay, it's finished!
do it, goku!
father!
o-oh. crap!
get down!
l-i'll just take this and...
l-i'll just take this and...
i'll take this and...
i'll take this and...
oh, what's this?!
h-he did it! goku beat freeza... he beat freeza!!
yeah, he really beat freeza! he did it! he did it!
he beat him! goku did it!
has freeza-sama lost?
i-impossible!
it's a lie!
goku has won!
he did it!
kuririn-san!
yo! you all right?
y-yes!
it's all completely changed.
yeah.
where's father?
where's uncle piccolo?
the super-giant genki dama finally detonates!
has freeza really been laid to rest?
and what of goku? what of piccolo?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at last, goku's super-giant genki dama detonates!
l-i'll just take this and...
i'll just take this and...
"transformed at last!! son goku, the legendary super saiyan."
it's all completely changed.
where's father?
where's piccolo-sen?
father and piccolo were right nearby.
you don't think they got caught in the middle of it, do you?
they couldn't have been!
i don't feel their ki...
that's just because we've lost our powers of concentration.
piccolo was there with him! they're not about to die!
kuririn-san, over there...
p-piccolo-san!
it's goku!
father! he's alive!
we did it, we did it!
just like i told you, right?!
damn! with barely any ki left, we can't fly very fast!
father!
piccolo-sen!
piccolo!
father!
father!
g-gohan...
hey, goku, are you okay?
piccolo-sen!
gohan, you must have been worried.
it was incredible! that genki dama!
wasn't it huge?!
that it was.
it had the hopes of everyone in the universe packed inside it, after all.
i was afraid the two of you had died...
you expect us to bite the dust so easily?
now we can head back to earth with our heads held high.
i didn't think i was ever going to be able to...
what's that?
l-i just wanted to give it a shot once, y'know!
marriage.
goku did it!
with the genki dama i taught him!
he really did it to that freeza with a super-giant genki dama!
freeza-sama beaten by that monkey scum?!
th-that can't be!
never!
i don't believe it!
goku won!
and we're going to stick it out too!
with piccolo-sen still alive, we can all go back to earth.
all right! let's go!
charge!
dibs!
purple comet...
zed crush'.!
wh-what was that oni?
order up!
oh? we have so many guests today oni!
jheese! butta! reacoom!
yeah, we won, we won!
we beat the ginyu special corps!
dammit! we can't just leave it like this!
it's no use, oni!
it's easy to drop down here into hell, but crawling out is very difficult oni!
nothing is impossible for reacoom-sama, of the ginyu special corps!
reacoom jump'.!
you fought well!
you guys have improved more than i thought!
to think that you could so easily kick around those training partners
i took the trouble to call here...
training partners?
to tell the truth, in order to give you some training in actual battle,
i made a request of yama the great to have the ginyu special corps sent here.
given their powers, it isn't likely they'll be able to climb out of hell.
well done, well done!
your training partners have parted and run away!
your training partners have parted!
good joke!
shall we go home?
the spaceship i came in can get us back to earth in five days.
i'll see mother!
we'll see everyone!
ouchie...!
i completely forgot! bulma-san!
don't scare me like that!
i thought that maybe freeza had shown up again, you know!
l-in some senses, bulma-san is even scarier than freeza!
ooh, ow! don't make me laugh so much, i ache all over!
you know, planet namek has endured something terrible.
however, this should allow the grand elder-sama,
and all the others who have died, to rest in peace now.
h-how is it you know about the grand elder?
what is it, kuririn?
freeza!
he took that huge genki dama head-on, and yet he's still alive!
l-it can't be!
goku!
p-piccolo-san...
p... p...
piccolo-sanl!
wha... no way!
kaio-sama, what is it?
piccolo's been... piccolo's been done in!
but i thought freeza was supposed to be dead!
freeza is a frightful one!
more so than i had imagined!
piccolo! hey, piccolo!
free... za...!
even i questioned whether or not i was going to die this time.
i, freeza-sama, nearly died!
run... kuririn, gohan...!
there's a spaceship very near the location where i first arrived.
take bulma and get yourselves away from this planet, now!
gohan, snap out of it!
i will fight! i'm going to avenge piccolo-san!
get the hell out of here! you guys are in my way!
do you all want to die together here?
g-goku...
father...
you think i'm going to excuse you?
i'm not letting a single one of you go home alive!
kuririn-san!
kuririn!
kuririn-san!
stop it, freeza!
gokuh.
a-and this time?
kuririn...
shall i do the little brat next?
y-you're going to pay for that... how dare you... how dare you?!
how dare you... how dare you...?!
wh-what?!
gohan, take piccolo with you and get yourselves back to earth.
he's still barely alive.
go home now, while i still have some sliver of reason left!
right!
goku's fury has gone beyond its bounds.
what can goku's transformation mean?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
p-piccolo-san?
piccolo is brought to the edge of death by freeza's demonic hand!
i'm not letting a single one of you go home alive!
gokuh.
and then, kuririn too...
y-you're going to pay for that... how dare you... how dare you...!
gohan, take piccolo with you and get yourselves back to earth.
he's still barely alive.
go home now, while i still have some sliver of reason left!
right!
his fury toward freeza has changed son goku!
at last, the legendary super saiyan has appeared!
"an explosion of anger!! goku, avenge everyone's deaths."
wh-what's with his transformation?
saiyans are only supposed to turn into great apes.
wh-what does this mean?
quickly, gohan. if piccolo dies, kami-sama dies too.
you must know what that would mean.
father!
don't concern yourself about me!
i will be sure to return to earth later!
b-but how will you?
if we take your spaceship back...
don't argue! do you want to annoy me?!
father...
thank you! thank you, father!
i'll be waiting.
i'll be waiting for you to appear in good shape, father!
there's no way i'm letting you get away like that.
enough is enough, you scumbag!
you've killed so many blameless people, one after the other...
you even killed kuririn...!
wh-why do you have this kind of power?
don't tell me... don't tell me you're...!
father, i understood!
what vegeta was saying is true, isn't it?
father, you've become one. a super saiyan!
that's strange...
there aren't any malfunctions anywhere.
aren't you done fixin' it yet?!
while we're here doin' this,
gohan-chan's growin' more and more delinquent!
what's the matter, 0l' timer?
you've got such a serious look on yer mug.
i want to go see gohan now!
it's nothing.
i just had a strange, uneasy feeling is all.
'bout what?
goku. i'm worried that as a result of his getting so strong,
he's become a double-edged sword.
what're you talkin' 'bout?
a double-edged sword can deliver a powerful blow to an opponent,
but it can also deliver the same kind of blow the other way.
yeah, what about it?
what about it? up until now, he's fought so many powerful opponents, one after another.
as a result, he's gotten so strong.
but supposing this freeza guy turns out to have the ultimate in strength...
supposin' he does?
as he fights against someone his equal, goku just might...
ah, on the other hand, maybe i'm worrying unnecessarily.
n...
n...
i am furious with you, freeza!
you talk like you're so self-important.
you say i've killed the blameless?
are you trying to say that what you saiyans have done up until now was so right?
that's why we were destroyed.
i'm the one who destroyed you.
all of you monkeys got on my nerves.
and now i'm going to destroy you.
me, freeza-sama?
don't let things go to your head.
there's no way you can win.
even supposing you were a super saiyan.
father...
i ain't forgiving you, even if you apologize.
dammit!
y-you dodged it!
th-there's no way you could have!
wh-why you...!
if only i could hit you, you'd be...!
hit me and see.
wh-what did you...?
mock me, will you?!
you can destroy whole planets,
but it seems you can't even destroy a single man, huh?
wh-wh-what the hell are you?!
as you are surely well aware...
lam the saiyan who came from earth to defeat you.
despite my calm, quiet heart,
i am the legendary warrior, awakened by intense anger.
i am the super saiyan, son goku!!
the transcendent power of a super saiyan!
goku, now is the time to avenge everyone!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
wh-wh-what the hell are you?!
as you are surely well aware...
lam the saiyan who came from earth to defeat you.
despite my calm, quiet heart,
i am the legendary warrior, awakened by intense anger.
i am the super saiyan, son goku!!
"the destruction of planet namekl? a demonic flash pierces the ground."
l-lndeed.
it appears that somehow you really are a super saiyan.
having a calm, quiet heart, then awakened by intense anger, huh?
i see.
which is why no matter how hard vegeta worked at it, he could not become one.
kuririn-san... dende... father will surely win against freeza!
he will surely win, and avenge you, kuririn-san and dende!
you bastard!
wh-what humiliation on my part!
that i... that freeza-sama should take this from him...
from this saiyan monkey scumbag!
it's unbelievable! i didn't think this sort of thing could happen!
contact with the gentlemen from the ginyu special corps has been cut off,
and the signal from freeza-sama's scouter has also disappeared!
what... what the hell is happening on planet namek?!
perhaps it has finally come!
a new era, that is!
a new era?
freeza, the one who wiped out my species, has finally been defeated!
you miserable fool!
c-commander!
that we may stand here this day,
triumphant over the rest of the universe, is due entirely to freeza-sama!
and that is not all,
he has promised me that some day, my clan would be raised higher than any other!
isn't that true of your races as well?!
freeza-sama is the very savior of the universe!
treachery will not be tolerated!
signal on sensors! it is freeza-sama!
it's an incredible battle power reading!
that's it! freeza-sama must finally have gotten serious!
another one! what is this other giant reading?
what's the matter?!
there is another, incredible reading right near freeza-sama!
what?!
i will give you a level reading.
you're finished, freeza.
l-looo.
i am freeza!
you're telling me i'm finished?!
that's it!
the spaceship that father rode here in!
still not yet?!
if you don't cut that out, i'm really goin' to get angry!
i have mentioned that this would be a piece of cake... yeow!
if you would not rush me so.
someone has gotten aboard goku's spaceship!
i installed sensor devices in there.
so, who could it be?
gohan-chan!
piccolo-sen, wait here a moment.
gohan-chan!
mother!
gohan-chan! you're alive, aren't ya?!
thank goodness! really, thank goodness!
mother!
gohan, what about goku?! what are you doin'?!
how are goku and kuririn?!
father is fighting against freeza.
kuririn-san has died.
wh-what did you say?!
i'm sorry,
i don't have the time to go into detailed circumstances right now.
i have to go get bulma-san!
gohan-chan! don't you be goin' anywhere!
you stay right where you are!
i'm waiting here for you! wait, gohan! wait, i say!
if it is to come down to me being killed by the likes of you,
i will choose death by my own hand!
whichever you like.
fool. you expect me to die?
it is you who will die.
i can continue to live, even in the vacuum of space.
i wonder though, how about you saiyans?
now perish, together with this whole planet!!
biow upl!
now perish, together with this whole planet!!
0h no!!
wh-what is it? what's that light?!
gohan-chan! gohan-chan!
what is this? what's happening?!
father!
k-kaio-sama!
d-don't tell me...!
son goku did well.
against freeza,
his overwhelming strength proved him entirely triumphant in their battle.
so then, goku is...?
he's defeated freeza, hasn't he?
no. having been cornered, freeza...
destroyed the entire planet of namek itself.
so then, what about goku and the others?
if the planet is lost, no one can survive.
no one except freeza.
th-that can't be!
it's over. all of it.
kaio-sama...
kaio-sama, are you able to hear me?
it is i, the kami of earth.
yeah. what is it? i hear you!
i am now having mister popo gather the dragon balls of earth.
i believe he will have all seven together very shortly.
is that so?
if i could have you wait briefly,
i can have those who have been in your care resurrected.
however, chaozu there is now dead a second time, and so...
that is...
j-just a moment! are you alive?
y-yes, gratefully so, thanks to the dragon balls of planet namek...
which would mean that piccolo is not dead either, correct?
a-as i believe you are aware, myself and piccolo were originally one single...
that's right! then perhaps...
kaio-sama!
er, kaio-sama? kaio-sama? are you hearing me?
hey, keep it down!
what a start!
l-i'm not going to let myself die
in a place like this!
father!
planet namek has not been lost!
goku and gohan and piccolo and the girl called bulma are all alive!
all right! all right!
thank goodness! okay!
i restrained my power too much, didn't i?
that's because you were fearful of being caught in the explosion of the planet.
you failed.
as a result, i've hung on to life.
hung on to life, you say?
you don't seem to understand at all, do you?
you have avoided the planet's instantaneous explosion,
but i've completely destroyed its core.
do you understand what that means?
five more minutes.
five more minutes,
and then planet namek will undergo a great explosion, becoming space dust!
five minutes will be plenty.
i will defeat you, then leave together with my friends in my spaceship.
unfortunately for you, it will be i who can hope to do so.
at least, it's a much greater hope than you have.
in this event, i will show you my 100 percent full power!
there's no way you can defeat me! prepare yourself for this!
why wait until now for full power?
i know why.
if you used all your power, your body couldn't withstand it!
i can't let you stall for any more time!
i'm going to settle this now!
there are five minutes until the destruction of planet namek.
what will be the outcome of this fierce battle?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
disappear, together with the whole planet!
i'll blow you away!
namek's core is destroyed by freeza's tremendous power!
in five more minutes, this planet will vanish into space dust!
five minutes is plenty.
i will defeat you, and take off with my friends in my spaceship!
unfortunately for you, lam the one with the better hope.
i'll show you my 100 percent, full power!
i can't allow you to stall for time!
i'm bringing this to a conclusion!
"i will be the one who wins... risking survival, a final attack."
what's wrong?!
are you so afraid you'll wear yourself out, you can't put out your full power?!
don't get...
don't get so...
carried away!!
you underestimated me, didn't you?
let me tell you that this is still not my full power!
that was only about 70 percent.
and, starting now...
your long-awaited 100 percent!
i'll settle this with my full power in one minute... no, thirty seconds!
it's no good! i can't find bulma-san's ki at all!
and you know, something is beginning to happen to this planet!
something beyond hope!
besides which, freeza's ki seems to again be getting greater!
what can it mean?
wh-whatever happens, you just watch me live through this!
somebody, hurry and come save me!
please!
incredible! his ki is billowing up and filling him out!
so this is finally the realization of his 100 percent power, is it?
what are you doing, goku?!
goku, can you hear me?! hey!
now! now is your chance!
now, while freeza concentrates his power, is your chance to attack!
hey, goku! do you not hear my voice?!
that can't be possible! goku, now is your only...
i do hear you, kaio-sama.
there's no doubt, i probably ain't going to get a second chance at this.
that chance to see with my own eyes the strongest scumbag in the universe
at his full power, that is.
wh-what did you say?!
goku, are you even aware of what you are saying?
 seventy-eight... seventy-nine...
(weight) -
eighty-one...
hey! what the hell is the matter with you?!
i... i want to fight freeza.
weighty-four... eighty-five...
and...
win!
such foolishness! this isn't a game, goku!
i am going to avenge kuririn! he has died twice!
he cannot return to life, even with the dragon balls!
kuririn was a good guy!
a really good guy-
my very best friend!
and he blew him to bits...
but there's no reason to wait for him to reach full power!
besides, what about gohan and the others?
it's all right.
gohan and the others will be saved.
where are you? where are you, bulma-san?!
n-no way! i don't want to die in a place like this!
gohan-kun!
what have you all been up to?!
i was nearly worried out of my mind!
what exactly is up with this planet?!
leaving me behind by myself in such a dangerous place!
what is going on with kuririn and son-kun?!
i'll explain what's happening later. right now, we have to hurry!
hurry? to where?
i know, the spaceship son-kun came in, right?!
we can go home now, right?!
yeah.
hooray!
where's gohan-chan?! what's happenin' to gohan-chan?!
there's only two reasons this high-performance monitor
would stop sending images.
the first case is the spaceship has been vaporized.
the second case...
is that something irregular is affecting planet namek's axis,
causing fluctuations in its magnetic field,
thus causing electromagnetic waves to become unstable.
what kind of conditions are those?
uh, you might call it a portent of the destruction of planet namek.
in any case, goku and gohan-kun... and even bulma...
ninety-three percent... ninety-four percent... almost there!
freeza, the reason i'm waiting for you to reach your full power like this,
is because i want to demolish you when you're at your best!
that's so i won't have any regrets as a warrior.
as for you, you must have come to want to try out your full power, right?
otherwise, you would have blasted the planet again and finished it off.
k-kaio-sama?
that guy is no longer son goku.
he is now a warrior of fury, a super saiyan.
sorry to keep you waiting.
this is the full power you wanted.
there ain't time. let's settle this quickly!
contemptible fool!
wh-what?!
l-lmpossible! that i should lose sight of them... what speed!
too slow!
he vanished!
behind you!
how about that?
that was just me warming up for my final attack!
i'd hope so...
at such a level, i was just about to become disappointed.
the time limit is up shortly.
can goku settle his fight with freeza at his full power?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
namek counts down its last moments before destruction...
right in the middle of it all,
the life-and-death battle between freeza, the strongest being in the universe,
and son goku, who has become a super saiyan, continues to unfold.
there ain't any time! let's finish this right now!
how's that?
those were just my warm-up exercises for my final attack!
i would suppose so.
at that level, they'd have to be.
the battle continues...
"shen long, run yourself through space!! the time of namek's destruction draws near."
enough with the false bravado!
the only thing that remains for you is death!
before you die, there is one point i will praise you for.
your superb, incredible strength, super saiyan.
it's certainly the greatest in the universe.
if only i, freeza, weren't around!
miserable idiot!
if you had only beaten freeza before he attained full power,
this wouldn't be happening.
kaio-sama? kaio-sama?
this is the kami over earth. kaio-sama?
i hear you. something i can do?
i have just received word from mister popo.
he has located where the last dragon ball is.
yes, and...?
ah, right. very shortly, all seven will be gathered together,
and so we will be resurrecting tenshinhan and yamucha there with you.
ah, that's right.
but, as i said earlier, unfortunately for chaozu...
don't worry, chaozu.
i will remain here too.
we're always together, aren't we?
you can't! ten-san, that won't do!
if you guys are going to remain here, then as far as i'm concerned...
what are you saying?!
you have bulma waiting for you, don't you?
y-yeah, but...
wait a second! hold on, hold on!
say, kami of earth, can those dragon balls resurrect two people at the same time?
hm? er, yes, so long as the conditions are the same. for example,
as we are to ask this time,
"please return to life those who were killed by vegeta and his group..."
so long as the request is made in this manner,
it will likely work on any number of people.
then even with only the one wish, they surpass planet namek's dragon balls.
okay then, can the wish be granted even on worlds far separated from earth?
mm, probably. why do you ask such a thing?
you can't be thinking of bringing back to life all the aliens vegeta
has ever killed in the past, can you?
naturally, such a thing is possible,
but it would only be effective for those who had died within one year's time.
there's just one more thing i'd like to ask.
can those who died having lived the full measure of their life be resurrected?
unfortunately, that is impossible. in the event of a natural death...
but what about the case of someone who met with evil beings, and even though indirectly,
had their life's measure reduced as a result?
a good question indeed. this is a first-time case.
but i believe they would be able to live for the portion of time
that had been shortened from their measure.
i have no proof of such, however.
kaio-sama, what is it?
all right, it's decided then! kami, change that wish for me!
make it, "please return to life all those killed by freeza and his ring," okay?
aren't we to son-kun's spaceship yet?
if we don't get off this dangerous planet as soon as possible,
we'll never set foot on the soil of earth again!
yes, i know that.
you're really sure about that?
yet you don't even know how hard i had to struggle up until now!
but i do know.
it was so awful, after all! being chased by dinosaurs,
getting changed into a frog, almost getting pinched by giant rocks...!
there it is! that's it! that's father's spaceship!
hooray! now we can return to earth!
hey, hold on! where are you going on your own?!
the lifespan of this planet is nearly up.
two or three minutes left at the outside.
you must be getting anxious, eh super saiyan?
so that's it, you're buying time, are you?
enough for that kid and the others to leave this planet?
well, that's okay.
i may let them go now, but i will make them my next target.
their deaths will only be slightly delayed.
buying time, did you say? i don't have the need to!
you're going to die. here and now.
that's enough of your big talk!
i'm going to shut you up right now!
what's taking so long for gohan and the others? get moving!
killed by freeza and his ring, you say? kaio-sama, what is this about?
there isn't any time, so i'll explain this simply.
first, we use the dragon balls on earth
to return to life those killed by freeza and his men, meaning the namekians.
by doing so, it is likely that the grand elder of planet namek
will be resurrected, however briefly.
from that point, i'm not too sure this is going to work myself,
but of the namekian dragon balls' three wishes, only two have been granted.
once the grand elder is returned to life,
there should be one more wish to be granted, shouldn't there?
a-and then?
with that one wish,
instantaneously relocate all those on planet namek, with the exception of freeza,
to someplace like earth!
l-i see. that is one possible gamble, isn't it?
you guys' resurrections will be considerably delayed.
can you put up with that for us?
i can't return to life in the first place, so...
of course, that will be fine with me!
it's only one year, isn't it?
it is an excellent idea you have, kaio-sama!
and that's that. now pardon me, but you must hurry!
the very planet namek itself is just about to be vaporized!
is that so? very well, i will tell this to mister popo right away.
bulma-san, come inside, quick!
what's going on? it's pitch black in here!
what's wrong?
it can't be malfunctioning, can it...?
that's strange. when i was here earlier, the lights were on.
w-watch out!
the floor is slanted.
i'm not familiar with this thing, but i'll try this and that.
could this be it?
i-isn't that piccolo over there?!
yes, it is.
what's he doing in a place like this?
i don't want to journey through space together with someone like piccolo!
piccolo-san helped save me and father,
so i am going to be sure to take him back to earth!
you know, gohan-kun, this is piccolo's homeland.
i wonder if he wouldn't rather like to stay here.
o-okay, already!
well, what else can i do?
he's unconscious and all, so there's nothing to worry about, right?
what?!
we've reached the limit!
if we stay here any longer, we won't be able to take off!
you can't! father still hasn't come!
son-kun will be fine!
he's sure to escape somehow or other!
please, bulma-san! for father! wait for father, please!
just one more minute will be enough!
g-gohan-kun...
hold out against this, piccolo! if you and i die now,
all hope will disappear as well!
kambsama'. kambsama'.!
kami-sama, dragon balls gathered. can say wish any time.
very well!
so, speak forth thy wish! i shall grant thee any one wish!
um, want to have those killed by freeza and his men returned to life.
this on distant planet. can you grant this wish?
i know not. however, i shall try.
not know is trouble. can only have do.
request this. good luck.
go to hell, freeza!
what will be the outcome of this, the greatest conflict in the universe?
and will the wish to shen long be granted?
there is no more time remaining!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
as the destruction of namek continues, kaio has called upon earth's shen long,
in order to grant a wish to return to life everyone who had been
killed by freeza and his men.
at the same time...
the two unimaginable super-powers held by goku and freeza at last collide!
"i am son goku's son!! gohan returns to the battlefield."
kaio-sama!
are you all right?
such tremendous power! still not yet?
hasn't shen long granted the wish yet?
we're counting on you, shen long!
once those who were killed by freeza and his ring are resurrected,
the grand elder should return to life, and planet namek's shen long should appear.
this is the only means by which goku and the others can be saved now.
shen long...
father, hang in there!
this is terrible!
in three minutes, this planet will undergo a giant explosion!
full power!!
what?!
l-it can't be!
is something the matter?
father... father's ki has disappeared!
what did you say?!
how could father lose?
then son-kun is...?
did you see that? my 100 percent power?!
how about that?! that's what you get!
there was no way someone like you could have beaten freeza!
there's nothing else we can do!
you realize that, don't you gohan-kun?
if we don't escape from here right now...
gohan-kun!
bulma-san,
take piccolo-sen and return to earth ahead of us.
what are you saying, gohan-kun?!
freeza intends to wipe out all saiyans.
that means if i return to earth, then freeza will go to earth next!
you're not, by any chance...
h-hold on!
wait!
gohan-kun!
i am my father's-son goku's son!
and now i... i will take on freeza!
you can't!
there's no way you can win!
i'm sure piccolo-san would say the same thing.
bulma-san, take care!
gohan-kun!
gohan-chan! gohan-chan!
chichi-san, our goku can't possibly be beaten!
he must surely be winning against freeza!
he's right, he's right!
on the other hand, don't matter how bad goku may be thrashin' on what's-his-mug,
once the whole planet blows up, he ain't...
enough of that!
i'll thank you not to be sayin' such ill-fated things!
my goku-sa won't be dyin' so easily!
i'm sure he's comin' home in good shape!
i'm sure... i'm sure he's comin' home!
oh? sorry about that.
what is the meaning of this?
have we returned to life?
there's something strange about this! what's with the ground shaking?
not to mention the sky being dark. what in the world is going on?
wh-where am i? am i alive again?
hurry, shen long! there's no time!
the sky! what's this?
is this an indication that the planet is just about to explode?
it looks as though it would be best for me to get away from this planet.
if i get caught in the blast, i'll lose even more power sharply.
th-this can't be!
now, you'll have to face me!
you surprise me!
to think you still had the power to fly so fast.
just what you'd expect of a saiyan brat!
you... i'm going to defeat you!
you're going to defeat me, you say?
are you thinking of fighting me, freeza, in your exhausted condition?
you for one are aware of my overwhelming power, aren't you?
you're so miserable, you saiyans.
even when outclassed, you still can't keep yourselves from fighting.
it's fine with me. this saves me the trouble of going to earth.
so then, last of the saiyans, come at me!
what do you think you're doing?
weren't you going to defeat me?
or is it that before my overwhelming power,
the only thing you could do was run?
why, you...!
now then, what manner of death do you desire?
j-just a little longer.
if i can detain freeza for two minutes, he'll be gone, together with the planet...
i have succeeded.
whosoever was killed by freeza and his ring on planet namek have been returned to life.
thank you for service.
so then, farewell.
he did it!
he did it! everyone has been restored to life!
what about the all-important grand elder?
how is planet namek's super shen long?
they're all right. they should be all right. the sky is dark.
that's proof that super shen long and the grand elder are back alive.
i'll verify it now.
how is this so?
why... why am i in the mortal world?
great! it's just as i figured!
all right!
kaio-sama, hurry! you have to hurry and tell him your intentions, or he'll...!
that's right! the grand elder's measure of life will once again...!
i know!
grand elder of planet namek!
i am the kaio over the northern galaxy.
kaio-sama...
i want you to listen closely to what i'm about to say.
just a little bit more time...
where did all that spirit you had a moment ago go?
i know! i just thought of something nice!
i think i'll put you into the same grave as your father.
what do you think? that must make you happy!
you should be grateful for my kindness.
okay, that put a little bit more fight into him.
that kid! what is he thinking?!
so that's it!
i've figured out what you were after!
you're stalling for time, aren't you?
that must be it!
you've realized that this planet
only has a few more moments of its life span left, haven't you?
y-you...
you, who killed father and kuririn-san...
i can't allow someone like you to go on living!
masenko'.!
hmph. it has to be like this, or it wouldn't be enjoyable.
just like a saiyan.
however, i'm done playing around.
you've gone to such trouble, so let me show you...
my 100 percent power, which is what killed your father!
father... piccolo-sen...
you're finished!
what?!
f-father!
why haven't you escaped?
i thought i told you to get away!
b-but...
60!!
right!
father...
you undying freak!
goku rises again from the brink of death!
can kaio's wish reach the super shen long polunga
before the destruction of planet namek?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e iai-iai-iai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
just as kaio had figured,
the power of earth's shen long returns everyone
who had been killed by freeza to life,
and together with the return of the grand elder
came the return of planet namek's shen long.
elsewhere, the great conflict between goku and freeza continues,
even as the time of planet namek's explosion draws ever closer!
there are now under two minutes remaining before the explosion of planet namek.
is there any way goku can win?
"i'm staying on this planet!! a final wish towards victory."
you're sure an obstinate one!
all you had to do was watch silently from the edge of death,
and you wouldn't have had to taste of its horror,
as you met your fate together with the planet's.
those of you that have come from earth are far too moronic!
so much so that you forget who you are by challenging me to battle!
you have also forgotten yourself in your own conceit!
what?!
fine, then.
i'll crush you into tiny pieces.
the way i did that earthling.
the way you did that earthling?
you mean kuririn?!
you mean kuririn?!
hmph. unfeeling saiyans? what a joke!
grand elder of planet namek,
namek is very likely to vanish very soon!
the dragon balls there should have one wish remaining.
yes, kaio-sama.
please ask the following of shen long immediately:
"send everyone there except for freeza to earth."
i understand, kaio-sama.
i am most grateful for your efforts.
however, the wish must be told directly to shen long.
i will contact whoever is closest and immediately relay the wish.
you can't! not like that!
change that wish for me!
goku, you heard that?
what is this?
don't make it everyone except freeza,
change it to everyone except for freeza and me!
goku, i know how you feel, but for the time being, return to earth!
if you don't let me settle this here and now with freeza,
i will resent you the rest of my life!
goku!
i'm begging you, kaio-sama.
kaio-sama, what is the matter?
what is goku saying?
kaio-sama!
kaio-sama... kaio-sama!
kaio-sama!
see here, can't you be quiet?!
but goku...
quickly, now!
we ain't got any time!
you've got it, goku, i won't say anything else.
if that's how badly you want this.
shen long is over there!
i'm supposed to have been killed by freeza. why am l...?
the one most near is dende.
dende, this is the grand elder.
g-grand elder-sama!
then you are all right! but how in the world...?
i will answer your questions later.
right now there is something i would like you to do.
r-right!
shen long should be waiting for a final wish near where you are.
yes!
as i recall, only two wishes have been granted so far.
i want you to go right now and speak the third wish for me.
right! but what shall l...?
the third wish is...
excepting freeza and the saiyan named son goku,
i want all beings relocated to earth.
right!
kaio-sama, thanks a lot!
freeza! let's fight!
you pathetic fool.
there is absolutely no chance that you'll win.
the end of this battle is already in sight!
but for gohan-kun, our takeoff preparations are all okay.
i wonder if he's really serious about fighting freeza!
i wish you would just bring son-kun back with you!
then we could take off right away.
i told him there wasn't any time!
it's working perfectly, gohan-kun!
hurry and bring son-kun with you!
i'm not too wild about going paired with only piccolo, after all.
father...
where is this place?
is it getting ready for its destruction?
i'm supposed to have died. i was killed by freeza...
i don't know why, but i'm alive!
where's freeza? where's kakarrot?
over there, dammit!
freeza, you bastard!
be sure you return home alive, goku!
yeah! and that was sure some idea you came up with, kaio-sama!
what's that?!
so that's the shen long of namek, huh?
now i can fight without worrying about anything else.
come on, freeza!! what?!
it's the dragon balls!
b-but i thought the dragon balls were supposed to have become stones.
this is it!
wait!
stay out of my way!
is that ?!
dende, it's up to you!
please, let him be in time!
pohjnga!
what keepest thou? have you no more wishes?
mo!
then thou must speak with haste!
then, the third... final wish!
make me, freeza, undying ; young'.!
f-freeza!
oh, hell!
make me, freeza, undying ; young'.!
very well. understood.
i shall then leave these two here, and move everyone else to earth.
you rotten brat!
freeza 1!
vegeta!
kakarrot, you've become a super saiyan after all!
e-even you! why?!
why are you alive?!
take this!
farewell!
w-wait!
looks as though unless you speak the language here,
you can't get your wish granted, huh?
you even made me shiver there.
wasn't that the kid i killed before?
the dragon balls on earth were used
to bring everyone that you guys killed back to life!
what?!
and with the dragon balls here...
what wish did that brat get himself granted?!
except for you and me, the whole group of people that were on this planet
were moved to earth!
kaio-sama, what has happened?
it has turned out just as i figured.
all right! that's great, huh yamucha?
it's too early to celebrate.
why is that?
because goku has remained on planet namek with freeza.
th-that can't be!
bulma-san!
g-gohan-kun!
gohan-kun!
how could you leave me all alone like that again?!
i apologize.
where in the world is this?
it doesn't appear to be planet namek, does it?
i was on the spaceship.
i don't see the spaceship around here.
y-you're...
where are we?
a planet named earth.
what?! where's freeza?!
sonl!
piccolo-sen!
gohan!
piccolo-sen! ah, dende!
l-is this a dream?
ow! it's not a dream!
it looks as though i've returned to life!
and kuririn-san too?
i don't know.
yeah, i suppose so.
g-grand elder-sama!
grand elder-sama?!
all of you, this is the planet called earth.
earth?! i-it can't be... how?
what has been going on here?
the time when my measure of life runs out
and i am called away is once again near at hand.
however, before i die, i wish to relate to you what has taken place.
where did kakarrot and freeza vanish away to?
there's nothing left to do but pray.
goku should not have any time remaining.
the planet has started to contract.
there are probably no more than two minutes before it explodes.
will you be killed by me first?
or will the planet explode first?
either way, death is all that remains for you,
since you cannot survive in the vacuum of space.
even in the miraculously improbable event that you were to beat me!
maybe so. but i've been waiting for this moment...
the moment when, with just the two of us, i could fight you as hard as i want to!
hmph, even at the risk of death, huh?
it seems you want to settle things with me, freeza, at any price.
a body-blow battle? very well.
if that's how badly you want to mix it up.
remaining on namek as it is about to become a planet of death,
the utmost brawl is about to unfold between the only two who remain, goku and freeza!
will a decision be reached before planet namek explodes?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, iai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
owing to goku's strong will,
everyone besides him and freeza were transported to earth,
by the power of planet namek's shen long.
but i've been waiting for this moment...
the moment when i could fight you as hard as i want to!
and so, under two minutes remain until the explosion of planet namek!
"let's get it on!! two remain on a vanishing planet."
either way, you will likely be dead in two minutes.
you're quite the pitiable one.
you're the one who's pitiable.
after all, you're the one who's going to be beaten by detestable saiyan monkey scum.
talk as big as you want,
the only one of us who can escape the explosion of this planet is me!!
goku, there's no more time!
k-kaio-sama, once planet namek explodes, even supposing goku defeats freeza...
no matter that goku has become a super saiyan,
it's unlikely he can survive in the vacuum of space.
kaio-sama, is there no way to save goku?
this is the path goku chose for himself.
y-you don't mean...
yamucha!
goku!
s-son...
s-so what about kuririn-san?
with the earth's dragon balls,
one who has already been resurrected once cannot be returned to life a second time.
y-you mean...?
but son-kun has only died once!
that man desired that everyone except himself and freeza be relocated to earth.
th-then father is still on planet namek with freeza?
l-it can't be!
the planet is about to explode!
planet namek?! grand elder-sama...
g-g rand elder-same...
unfortunately so.
l-it can't be...
that's ridiculous!
not even son could survive the planet exploding,
even having defeated freeza, right?!
s-son...
if he wanted to, he could have left freeza behind
and returned to earth together with us.
son, you're really something...
piccolo-sen...
son, why did you have me return to earth as well?
i wanted to fight together with you!
sorry i took so long.
thanks to you guys, i've recovered.
i'll manage this from here on.
much as i hate it, son,
your power has now far exceeded my own.
in exchange for your own life... you've always been like that.
that's so true.
father!
i know just how kakarrot feels.
vegeta!
all kakarrot wanted to do was fight someone strong.
what's this?!
have you come back to life as well?!
it would have been fine if you'd stayed dead on us!
too bad.
yow!
you're here too?
i've had enough!
get lost!!
of all the... what is it with that frog?! indeed!
kakarrot and i both
have valiant blood of the saiyan warrior race flowing within us.
to say nothing of kakarrot having become a legendary super saiyan,
that's all the more reason he won't rest until he has defeated freeza.
however, the book is closed on both kakarrot and freeza,
together with the planet namek.
stop laughing!!
now that i've died and returned to life, i should be that much stronger.
once kakarrot and freeza die fighting each other,
i automatically become the strongest man in the universe!
why, you...!
this is quite the unexpected turn of luck.
fortune just keeps favoring me!
you and i are the only ones who still possess the glory of saiyan blood.
how about it? why don't you come along with me?
i will rule the universe in place of freeza!
wh-who would ever team up with the likes of you?!
l-i am an earthling, the son of son goku!
th-that's right!
how can you be doing this while son-kun is risking his life to fight against freeza?!
kakarrot chose his own path by himself.
from now on, i am going to have you obey my orders.
what?!
there's still a little time left before the planet explodes.
you'll have to entertain me a little longer!
for goku to have remained behind...
kambsama...
there's no time, goku!
that's right!
there are dragon balls here on earth as well, aren't there?
if i call on shen long to have me made undyingly youthful,
i can reign over the universe forever!
that won't be possible.
i hear the dragon balls were already used in order to bring you all back to life.
they have now turned to ordinary stone for a year's time. tough luck!
i'm glad to be able to settle this with you.
i'm sure to win this fight!
such insolence!
you've touched that which must not be touched. son goku!
goku!
goku!
grand elder-same, do you know what is happening on planet namek?
son-kun is okay, right? he's a super saiyan, isn't he?
unfortunately, i can no longer ascertain what is happening on planet namek.
o-oh no...
son is all right!
piccolo-sen...
he's sure to be all right!
p-piccolo-san!
just what i'd expect of a super saiyan!
very well. let me explain to you clearly
why i will be the one who survives this!
father .
son-kun, don't die on me!
son...!
fatherh.
(one more minute to your destruction').!
the super battle to determine who is the strongest in the universe,
as well as the time to planet namek's explosion,
has fallen below one minute.
which way will the outcome turn?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
there is one minute until planet namek explodes!
thanks to super shen long, gohan and the others were able to return to earth.
very well, i will make it clear to you.
i am the one who is going to survive!
before this planet explodes,
i will defeat this guy with my own hands!
"pathos of freeza! once he starts shaking, he's unstoppable!!"
there's no way i'm going to lose to a monkey!
not to a mere saiyan monkey!
goku! goku!
kaio-sama, what has happened?
it's even! goku is matching up evenly against freeza!
however, there's under a minute left until planet namek explodes.
if the fight continues like this, it'll be just what freeza wants.
what exactly do you mean?
freeza, as emperor of the universe,
has likely never had a foe that has given him as hard a time as goku has.
when freeza got anxious during his fight with goku...
i can survive even in the vacuum of space.
but you saiyans cannot live there.
disappear, together with the planet!
fatherh.
but planet namek was not immediately destroyed.
i restrained my power too much, did i?
that's because you were fearful of being caught in the explosion of the planet.
as a result, i've hung on to life.
hung on to life, you say?
you don't seem to understand at all, do you?
you have avoided the planet's instantaneous explosion,
but i've completely destroyed its core.
do you understand what that means?
five more minutes!
five more minutes, and then planet namek will undergo a great explosion,
vanishing into space dust!
the better part of that five minutes has already passed!
there's no more time!
when planet namek is destroyed, goku dies too.
however, freeza will remain alive. he can survive in any location!
how's that?!
i am not losing to the likes of a lowlife saiyan!!
not to a mere saiyan!
y-you monkey!!
what is that you're doing, bulma-san?
fortune-telling!
i was taught how to do this when i was a child.
when you wish for a traveler to return home safely,
you lay three leaves inside a circular ring and burn them.
it's said that if the leaves burn completely up,
the traveler will return safely.
oh? we're foretelling what goku-san will do, right?
see? they're burning!
i'm sure they'll all burn up!
goku-san is coming back, isn't he?
that's right! this fortune is sure to come true!
telling fortunes is nonsense!
father is certain to come back!
you're right!
father will beat freeza, and certainly come back!
dammit! how long must i be bothered with the likes of this saiyan?!
how's that, you monkey scum?!
is this all you've got?
what?!
i asked you if this is all you've got!
(enough impudence').!
you monkey scum!
not to the likes of a saiyan...!
dammit!
i'll repay you for this ten-fold... no, a hundred-fold!
i'm stopping-
wh-what was that?!
stopping, you said?
what has happened?
wh-what do you mean, you're stopping?
in reaction to your using your 100 percent power,
you've passed your peak, and your kiis falling rapidly.
i've begun to think that it's useless to fight you any further.
i'm already feeling satisfied, and your sense of pride is in tatters!
after all, someone has come forward and surpassed you,
when no one in the world was supposed to have been able to.
and what's more, that someone...
was a mere saiyan!
there ain't any reason to kill you, now that you've started trembling.
you should go on living with the shock you have undergone here, in tranquility.
i'm going back to earth.
i can still barely make it in time.
freeza, don't you misbehave any more!
i don't want to see your face again.
don't mock me!
don't you mock me!
a-am l...
am l...
am l...
to have lost?!
you're an impossible fool!
i had given you one last chance!
it will pursue you no matter how far you go,
and cut through any substance!
that this should be your final technique!
you disappoint me, freeza!
hmph! i see through your strategy!
you'll come toward me, evading at the last moment and causing it to hit me, right?
you think i would fall for such a worthless tactic?!
goku, there's no time!
planet namek is going to explode!
fatherh.
only moments remain until planet namek's great explosion.
will the goddess of victory smile on goku? or will it be freeza?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
there ain't any reason to kill you, now that you've started trembling.
you should go on living with the shock you have undergone here in tranquility.
nevertheless.
am i to have lost?!
you're an impossible fool!
i had given you one last chance!
mere moments remain before planet namek's explosion.
"goku's declaration of victory!! as freeza destroys himself..."
monkey scumbag!
you're going to evade right in front of me and have it hit me, right?
i won't fall for such an old trick!
go'! you!
over here, freeza!
that was an after image, huh?
the monkey's not too bad, is he?
i just can't bring myself to fight with you any more.
not if you're pinning all your hopes on such a petty technique.
if you absolutely have to settle this with me,
then regain your strength and brush up on your skills.
petty technique, you say?
kaio-sama, what has happened?
f-freeza there is trembling...
then, that means goku has won!
goku is fighting with composure to spare. but... but...
there's no time!
only moments remain until planet namek explodes!
m-my technique... is a petty technique, you say?!
in that case, how about two of them?!
you ignorant fool!
someone who uses the same pattern lacks innovation!
kakarrot and freeza will both be destroyed along with planet namek!
there's no longer anyone in my way!
i, vegeta-sama, am the greatest in the universe!
i've been waiting for this day.
having endured the humiliation, being at freeza's side...
we did it!
this battle has left me worn ragged!
i'd like to hurry up and get to a recuperation capsule!
with just the three of us, we subjugated planet shatts!
quite a feat!
i wonder what freeza-sama will give us.
freeza-sama, we have just returned from planet shatts.
they gave us a little trouble,
but we were able to conquer them in three days' time.
hmm, is that so?
three days for such a planet...
i see. please stand aside.
j-just a minute! is that all?!
we ran ourselves ragged, you know!
what about that?!
zarbon-san, how long would it take you to subjugate that planet?
sir. if i were to have one day's time, lam sure it would be enough.
i would think so.
it is such a tiny planet, after all.
is there anything else?
i am quite busy.
if not, you may stand aside.
you filthy rat!
stop, nappa!
freeza-sama, if you will excuse us...
you monkey scum.
vegeta, doesn't it upset you?
i heard something-our world, planet vegeta,
was not destroyed in a collision with another planet... or so they say!
what's that?
it was all freeza's doing!
l-it was what?!
vegeta, your father, king vegeta, being killed...
as well as the destruction of our homeland, planet vegeta,
it was all done under the direction of freeza there!
i'm aware of it!
y-you knew?!
in that case, why the hell are we working for that guy?!
whoever may have killed my old man,
whoever may have destroyed my home,
that sort of thing doesn't matter to me.
in this world, strength is everything!
the strong stand at the top, and subdue everyone else.
i know of freeza's boundless strength.
there's no way i can stand against him now.
but just you watch!
we saiyans have the blood of a warrior race running though us!
and so, the more we fight, the stronger we get!
just watch me get stronger and stronger!
and then, one day,
i will take the place of freeza, and rule the entire universe!
i have the power within me.
at last, that time has come.
kakarrot and freeza are going down together!
father will not die!
he is certain to come home alive!
you keep on spouting that nonsense.
father will defeat freeza, and will surely return to earth!
lousy monkey!
these will follow you wherever you may go!
you think you can get away?!
you're going to be sliced to pieces!
he'll never learn.
hmph! someone who uses the same pattern lacks innovation!
dammit! you expect me to fall for such a childish trick?!
where is that monkey scum?!
you're no longer a match for me!
get him! attaboy! nice going, goku!
right there! give it to him! goku!
i will not be beaten by that monkey scum!
don't stand up! get down!
get down!
l-it can't be...!
k-kaio-sama, what is it?!
d-don't tell us goku has lost!
freeza's been...
cut clean in two!
even though you may reap what you sow, this ain't like you.
what a miserable end!
somehow or other, i'm going back to earth.
now share the same fate as this planet namek,
which you yourself have destroyed.
help...
h-help...
help... me...
g-goku! what are you dawdling around for?!
hurry and take off!
p-please... s... s...
save me!
save .
save me!
you dare ask anything for yourself?!
you... you...
how many people have you killed as they begged for their lives like that?!
please... save... me!
please!
freeza...
i've shared a little bit of my ki with you.
knowing you, you should be able to move, even in your shape.
the rest is up to you!
goku and freeza's ceaseless conflict has come to a conclusion. however...
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at last, the ferocious battle between goku and freeza has reached a conclusion.
don't stand up! get down!
get down!
p-please...!
save me...!
you dare ask anything for yourself?!
how many people have you killed as they begged for their lives like that?!
please...!
freeza!
i've shared a little bit of my ki with you.
knowing you, you should be able to move, even in your shape.
the rest is up to you!
"freeza defeatedl! a single blast packed with a totality of rage."
this is quite unexpected.
th-that you should share your energy with me, you monkey scumbag!
you can survive in the vacuum of space, right?
so hurry up and leave this planet!
survive, and come to understand the blessing that life is!
th-thank you.
hey! wait up!
you think you can touch me? you can't reach!
come down from there!
it seems the end of my life has nearly arrived.
g-grand elder-sama!
g-grand elder-sama!
grand elder-sama! grand elder-sama!
b-bring... bring everyone together.
r-right!
grand elder-same!
it would appear the time for me to take my leave of you has come.
i am pleased to be able to fulfill my life's span.
m u ri-sama!
oh, how did it go?
yes! as feared, we were unable to locate those from elder tsuno's village.
what in the world could have happened to them?
those guys are probably the ones from the village that i wiped out.
the wish to the dragon balls
was to bring back to life everyone killed by freeza and his men, right?
i'm neither freeza nor one of his men. quite the blunder, huh?
apparently the dragon balls followed after, and have reached us.
g-grand elder-sama!
as i said earlier, virtually none of my life's measure remains.
m-muri...
y-yes?
h-hold out your hand.
right!
f-from now on, you are to be the grand elder.
in due time, the dragon balls will regain their brilliance once again.
u-use the dragon balls well.
y-yes, we will.
l-i'm counting on you...
grand elder-same!
let there be eternal peace among the namekians.
g rand elder-sama! g rand elder-sama!
grand elder-same!
grand elder-sama...!
grand elder-sama...!
g-g rand elder-same...
this is amazing...
you possess such incredible latent ability!
are you really an earthling?
excuse me! can i please have you hurry?
grand elder-same, may you rest in peace.
n-now i understand clearly!
piccolo-sen, you have merged with nail-san, right?
everybody!
the grand elder-sama is no longer here.
let the rest of us put our remaining energies together,
and find ourselves eternal peace!
grand elder-san is dead and all, and kuririn cannot come back.
yeah.
since people who have been resurrected once by the dragon balls cannot return again.
it's all right!
the dragon balls of namek can resurrect people any number of times!
it's likely, so long as it isn't a natural death, it can be done infinitely many times.
then... then...!
when the day comes that your dragon balls can again grant wishes, dende,
kuririn-san and chaozu-san and everyone can come back to life!
father! be sure to come back!
let's call kuririn-san and the others back together with the namek dragon balls!
planet namek here is just moments away from exploding.
where are you thinking of going?
no matter how you may struggle, you can't survive in the emptiness of space!
death is all that is waiting for you!
there's no time before the explosion!
you cannot get to your spaceship in time!
and vegeta has wrecked the spaceship i came in!
saiyans really are monkey scum after all!
you cannot depart this planet!
you will perish, together with this planet!
isn't it ironic?
you, who won in battle, will die, while i will be spared!
th-that's because you do such impudent things as share your energy with me, freeza-sama!
i will live too. you'll see.
i'm stopping-
wh-what was that?!
what do you mean, you're stopping?!
there ain't any reason to kill you, now that you've started trembling.
you should go on living with the shock you have undergone here, in tranquility.
m-monkey scumbag!
so you're freeza?
you're much more of a runt than i'd imagined.
so there's still another one of you scum left?
fifty percent power, he says...
whether those words are a bluff, or whether they ain't,
all i can do is stake everything on a times twenty kaio-ken!
th-that was a close one! h-how?!
how does that lower life form saiyan have such awesome power?
this is the first time anyone has done this much harm to my body!
you damn saiyan!
that one...
hurt.
it hurt!!
l-i'll just take this and...
l-i'll just take this and...
h-he took that huge genki dama head-on, and yet he's still alive!
l-it can't be!
gokuh.
y-you're going to pay for that...
how dare you... how dare you?!
how dare you...?!
what?!
dammit!
i'm stopping-
wh-what was that?!
what do you mean, you're stopping?!
in reaction to your using your 100 percent power,
you've passed your peak, and your kiis falling rapidly.
i've begun to think that it's useless to fight you any further.
i'm already feeling satisfied, and your sense of pride is in tatters!
after all, someone has come forward and surpassed you,
when no one in this world was supposed to have been able to.
and what's more, that someone...
was a mere saiyan!
there ain't any reason to kill you, now that you've started trembling.
you should go on living with the shock you have undergone here, in tranquility.
l-i'm the greatest in the universe!
i am freeza, emperor of the universe!
and so, you...
you monkey scum...
you must die at my hand!!
you...
must be...
must be...
killed by mel!
you stupid bastard!!
goku was completely victorious in his battle with freeza.
however, planet namek is already moments from exploding!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
goku has finally won against freeza.
however, the time of planet namek's explosion has come!
i will live too. you'll see.
i'm the greatest in the universe!
i am freeza, emperor of the universe!
you must be killed by me!!
you stupid bastard!!
"planet namek's great explosion!! goku disappears into space."
kaio-sama!
what in the world has happened?
what about goku?
what about freeza?
freeza has died.
goku shared some of his own ki with freeza as he pleaded for his life.
he gave him a chance to live!
freeza made use of it to attack goku.
that rotten freeza!
at that point, goku had no choice but to finish him off.
then goku has completely won!
mm hmm. after becoming a super saiyan, freeza was no match for goku.
he did it!
so a super saiyan is as incredible as all that?
now goku's strength is the greatest in the universe!
somehow, it seems like he's become a person from some distant world.
however... however...
his being the greatest in the universe may last for only a moment.
which means...?
the explosion of planet namek is closing in!
he doesn't likely have enough time to reach the spaceship he came in.
he's headed toward freeza's nearby spaceship,
but it appears to be broken down.
h-hey! this is goku we're talking about!
he'll get through this somehow!
i mean, up until now, he's gotten out of so many pinches!
on top of that, goku is now a super saiyan! right?
y-yeah...
goku, hurry! in any case, hurry!
all right...
please, let me be in time!
this ain't it!
where is the control room?!
all right, this is good!
it's just about the same as the spaceship i came here in!
where's the startup switch?!
it's this one!
start!
please, start for me!
start! damn this thing! start!
start! start! start!!
h-how can this be?! how can it...?!
what is the matter, kaio-sama?!
freeza's spaceship, the last thing we were depending on...!
it cannot fly at all now!
in that case, what about goku?!
he cannot return!
he can only share in the same fate as planet namek!
it's going to explode... planet namek is going to explode...
damn it to hell!!
l-i can't watch!
goku!
goku... don't you die!
don : you die!!
damn it all to hell!
damn it all to hell!
kaio-sama...
ls goku really...?
as i feared, it was no use.
damn it, man...
goku!
then he's died after all?
what a pity.
we'll have to inform goku's son on earth that his father has died.
it's going to be hard.
if we could have bulma-san tell him...
i suppose so.
please, let me be the one to tell her.
okay, yamucha.
and so, if you would.
right.
bulma!
bulma... bulma, can you hear me?
can you hear me, bulma?
it's me, yamucha!
yamucha? huh?
that's right, it's yamucha.
through kaio-sama, i'm speaking directly into your mind.
into my mind?
really?
what is it, bulma-san?
by any chance, is it from kaio-sama?
that's what he said.
you sure knew what it was, huh?
yamucha's the one talking right now.
so how are you doing, yamucha?
mm hmm. i am dead, but if you can say i'm fine, then i'm fine.
never mind that, i want you to settle down and listen to me.
it's about goku.
goku defeated freeza. a-and then...
say, say, listen everyone, listen!
goku put freeza down, he says!
really, bulma-san?! he did it!
so he did, huh? son finally did it!
father won!
he won! he won!
kakarrot beat freeza?
just listen quietly for me! that's not all!
after he defeated freeza, goku...
tried desperately to take off,
but he didn't make it before planet namek exploded and died.
say, hold on, everyone!
son-kun died when planet namek exploded, he says.
quite a shock, huh?
you stupid twit!
how can you say it like that?!
think for a moment about gohan's feelings!
goku cannot return again!
you don't know anything!
we have the dragon balls here, the ones from planet namek!
planet namek's dragon balls came to earth together with its people, see?
you'll be so surprised!
they say the dragon balls from planet namek
can bring people back to life any number of times!
in other words, son-kun, kuririn-kun, and chaozu-kun can be brought back to life!
r-really?!
what's the matter, yamucha?
everyone can return to life! chaozu, you too!
really?
it is the folks on earth that don't know anything.
certainly chaozu can be brought back to life with the namek dragon balls.
but as for goku and kuririn...
what about goku and kuririn, kaio-sama?!
the dragon balls return people to life at their point of origin!
which means...?
goku and kuririn will return to life on planet namek.
however, planet namek is no longer there!
there's just the vacuum of space.
the moment they return to life, death awaits them again.
kaio, with your power, isn't there anything...
isn't there anything that can be done?
there is nothing that can be done.
that isn't my area.
what's the matter, bulma-san?
s-son-kun... can't come back, they said.
even if they did return to life,
they'd die immediately, since planet namek isn't there.
th-that can't be!
this is great! it's turning out just as i was hoping!
freeza is gone. kakarrot is gone.
i'm the one who is greatest in the universe!
i will rule over the entire universe!
father is sure to... sure to return to earth!
are you still saying that, kid? your pop has died!
bow your head to me now.
you are a child of the warrior saiyan race.
you're supposed to have unfeeling blood flowing through you.
you can be my underling if you like.
father is sure to come back!
just keep on spouting that forever!
c-cut that out!
are we going to go at it, kid?
father will surely... surely be coming back!
i thought of you as a kid, so i took it easy on you,
but you had to raise it to this!
you're sure you're ready for this?
whoa, it's too early to die just yet!
gohan-kun will be killed!
gohan-san!
you wretched kid!
stop, vegeta!
f-father... father is absolutely coming back...!
absolutely!
your optimism makes me sick!
gohan-san! shake it off!
father .
son-kun...
son-kunu.!
goku has disappeared, together with the destruction of planet namek.
what will the world be like without goku?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
damn it all!
planet namek has been destroyed.
they say the namek dragon balls
can bring people back to life any number of times!
in other words, both son-kun and kuririn can be brought back to life!
it is you folks that don't know anything.
goku and kuririn will return to life on planet namek.
however, namek is no longer there,
it's just the vacuum of space.
the moment they return to life, death awaits them again.
"son goku survived... the z warriors all resurrected!!"
wh-why is it father and kuririn-san cannot come back to life?
it appears to be okay if, like chaozu-kun,
your body is regenerated by kami-sama and you're at kaio-sama's place.
otherwise, it seems you return to life at the place where you died.
but son-kun and kuririn died on planet namek,
and planet namek isn't there any more, right? there's just the emptiness of space.
on top of that, kaio-sama doesn't appear to have jurisdiction
over the area of planet namek's location.
l-it can't be...
how about using your heads a little bit?
i don't know about spirits or whatever,
but you can always bring them back to life after moving them here to earth, right?
probably, anyhow.
that's it! just like he said!
you say some pretty good things, don't you?
thanks a lot!
don't get carried away!
all i want to do is see for myself kakarrot's strength as a super saiyan.
and then, sometime, i will defeat him! that's for sure!
pardon me, madam of earth.
once the namek dragon balls reactivate,
we intend to locate a suitable planet and then relocate ourselves there.
would you please direct us to a nice place where we can stay until that time?
i guess you're right.
in that case, you can come live at my place!
are you sure that is all right?
it's awfully big, so don't worry!
besides, for our part, we'd like to trouble you to use the dragon balls a little bit more.
just do it, okay?
okay, dende-kun?
y-yeah...
with so many of you here, if you were found out by anyone,
there would be a big fuss over you!
that's certainly true. we accept your kind assistance.
and um, vegeta-kun, wasn't it?
vesleta-kun?!
why don't you come too?
after all, you don't have any rent money, right?
i'll provide plenty of food!
you must be like son-kun, and eat an awful lot, i bet!
however, no matter how attractive you might say that i am,
you can't do anything naughty!
wh-what a vulgar woman!
to say that with such a loud voice!
okay, everyone! wait just a moment.
i'll go hunt down a telephone and have my dad come get us.
a-ahem, bulma-san?
could i stay over at your place too, bulma-san?
gohan-kun, you have a home, don't you?
you should go home!
your mother must be worried and all!
see, that is...
i forgot to do my homework, and mother will be angry at me...
the repairs to the spaceship are complete, this time for sure.
without fail, you will arrive on namek in five days. are you all ready?
gohan, sit tight!
your ma is comin' to save you!
and so, the countdown...
4... 3... 2...
1...
ah, that's right! a moment ago, i got a phone call from bulma.
she says everyone has returned to earth.
as such, are you still going after all?
can't you speed this thing up any more?! huh?!
th-this is it...
he's here! he's here! down here!
here, here, here!
gohan-chan!
where is he?! gohan-chan?!
gohan-chan!
mother, i'm home...
and so, the namekians were carried
to the capsule corporation, which is run by bulma's father.
this is my home. what do you think? a pretty cool place, huh?
my. my! how good of you to come!
is this gentleman your boyfriend, bulma?
what a handsome young man, and so trendy!
t-t re n.
is that...?
this is a space capsule that i repaired.
the fourth time around, it's perfect.
however, i still haven't decided where to place the stereo.
so that's it. it's the thing kakarrot came in.
vegeta-san! i've prepared something cold.
come drink with everyone else!
as it turns out, the namekians would live
at bulma's home until the dragon balls reactivated.
and so, in no time at all, 130 days had passed.
the namek dragon balls reactivate in 130 days, then?
that's correct. on planet namek, one year is 130 days, you see.
compared to earth, that's one-third!
isn't that nice?
let's make our request of super shen long-san right away!
j-just a moment!
gohan and the others aren't here yet...
hey, wait a second!
hey, gohan!
pardon us! my cram school ran long!
are you going to cram school again? such hard work!
i want to have my gohan-chan studyin' a whole lot,
and have him become a great scholar!
well, we were just about to begin!
okay, dende-kun, if you would?
right!
so this is the home-grown shen long?
wow, this is incredible!
indeed!
it suddenly got dark! what's happening?!
what's that?!
it's a monster!
wait, wait! it's coming out of dr. briefs' capsule corporation!
it must just be some new invention!
oh, is that it?
everybody, this is an experiment of the capsule corporation!
please, do not worry!
what a surprise! thank goodness.
thou who hast gathered the seven dragon balls,
i shall grant thee any three wishes.
ladies and gentlemen of earth, next time will be fine with us.
have your own wishes granted!
thank you very much, grand elder-sama!
in that case, i'll make our wishes.
first, please call the spirits of son goku and kuririn, who died on planet namek, here.
understood. i shall attempt it.
i have summoned the spirit of the being named kuririn here.
however, i canst not summon the spirit of the one called son goku.
th-that can't be! why not?!
because son goku is alive, i canst not summon only his spirit.
a-alive...?
wh-what's this?
d-don't tell me... how did he...?!
"hooray! "hooray!
hooray!
if he's alive, i wonder why he hasn't come home.
his spaceship is probably broken or something.
well, if that's the case, you can have shen long call him here!
l-i guess so, huh?
okay, now, the second wish!
please return kuririn back to life!
go! go! go!
huh?
kuririn-san!
so that's it! i've come back to life!
hooray!
i have returned his dismembered body to its original state as a special free service.
you may have a frightening face, but you sure do good work!
and now, this time, at last...
bring son-kun here to us!
hooray!
goku-sa!
it is no good.
it hath been refused.
this man called son says he shall return shortly of his own accord.
r-refused? why?
i know!
he's afraid of his wife-san!
so the greatest in the universe is the super saiyan son goku's wife, is it?!
j-joke! that was a joke!
f-father won't come home?
he says he'll come back on his own shortly.
he's definitely coming home.
so that's it!
he's gone to another planet, intending to pile on more training and power up even more!
i can't just stay in a place like this taking it easy!
(my! m)', m)': my! my'
pay him no mind!
let's continue. instead of son, bring back to life someone at kaio's place.
yeah, okay.
i wonder who i should call back.
they're saying they want to call one of you back.
what do we do?
i want to continue training here a little longer.
l-i want to be with ten-san.
very well, yamucha, you may go.
me first, huh? excuse me.
all right. now then...
bulma! bulma!
bulma, it's me. do you know who?
kakq-sama'?
tenshinhan and chaozu will stay here a little longer.
return yamucha to life, if you would.
yamucha, right? okay!
and now, our third wish, once more please!
bring yamucha back to life!
very well, understood.
i have returned the one named yamucha to life.
wh-where?
where? where?!
i have granted all of thy wishes. farewell.
j-just a minute, now!
he left! where is yamucha?!
h-here!
yamucha-sama!
yamucha-sama! yamucha-sama! pu-erh!
yamucha!
as long as you were returning me anyway,
i wish you had chosen a better place.
and then, another 130 days passed.
with the first wish, chaozu...
and with the second wish, tenshinhan was resurrected.
ten-san...
ten-san'. ten-san'.!
chaozu!
and then...
so, dende, it is about time to take our leave.
right.
everyone, thank you all so much!
t-ta ke ca re, okay?
gohan-san, goodbye. it was most enjoyable!
dende...
dende...
i shall grant that wish!
goodbye.
goodbye.
good bye!
g... g...
good bye!
with the third wish, the namekians transferred themselves to another planet.
let's see...
and after this manner, the earth was peaceful for a short time.
however...
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
not a single ray of light penetrated that hell of darkness...
but now, having released myself from that world,
the time of my revenge is again at hand.
i will see to it that those worms who inhabit the earth's surface...
experience an even greater bitterness than i was made to endure!
nearly ten months had passed since the climactic battle with freeza
had come to an end.
and then, one day, a new danger prepared to begin its assault.
"terrible happenings in heaven!! garlic jr. to become kami!?"
there's some!
yo'.!
kuririn-san!
quite a haul there, gohan.
yeah. until father comes back,
it's up to me to bring home dinner every day.
good for you.
even so, this is a lot of fun. kuririn-san, why don't you try it too?
nah, i, uh...
okay?
this river is full of fish!
let's do this together, kuririn-san!
now, hold, on, gohan!
that's not why i'm here.
oh, you'll get your clothes all wet, huh?
no, that isn't it...
kuririn-san, what a great car! you bought that?
well, yeah, it's not much.
why not?
we haven't done anything in a while. i'll hang around with you a bit.
right, then!
kurin-chan'.!
aren't you done with your errand yet?
sorry, sorry! i'm coming now!
kuririn-san, who is that?
well, she's sort of, you know.
maron is tired of waiting.
sorry 'bout that!
who is that little boy?
this is son goku's son, gohan.
her name is maron-chan.
son goku-san?
didn't i just tell you about him? son goku, the master martial artist.
i wonder if you have.
anyway, this little boy is sure cute.
little one, how old are you?
f-five years old.
you know what, gohan-chan?
your big brother and big sister here are on their way to a date
at the kame something-or-other house.
and so, we can't play with you for a little while.
sorry, okay?
m-maron-chan! what are you...?
oh, kurin-chan, don't tell me you're jealous of this little boy?
that's not it, but still...
well then, one for kurin-chan, too.
anyways, gohan...
everyone's getting together at the kame house to visit,
since it's been so long.
why don't you come too?
sure, i'll go!
but i have to check with mother...
oh, yeah. your mom sure is fussy about these kinds of things.
well, if she does let you, come on by.
everyone will be waiting for you!
i kay.
see you.
that other person must be kuririn-san's...
girlfriend! what do you know, kuririn-san finally found a girlfriend!
father will be so surprised when he comes back!
as strong as you are now, are you still advancing your training?
kami! what business do you have with me?
you haven't changed at all, piccolo.
the reason i have appeared here...
is because i'm thinking of having you come sit on the throne of kami.
what's this?
my limbs are growing heavy.
you should be able to serve as the earth's kami.
both in strength and mind,
you are the only one there is who can take my place.
i have no interest in the throne of kami.
why don't you take a look around you?
the demon clan has been becoming active lately.
it may be just a bad omen,
or something may already be happening.
in any case, you should get ready for them, don't you think?
piccolo...
someone there.
that will be enough!
you're garlic jr.
it's been some time, mister popo.
why are you here?
you are child of garlic, who competed against kami-sama and kami's throne.
but you're supposed be sealed in your own created dead zone.
that's right.
if it hadn't been for son goku, not to mention his son,
everything, including the eternal life i got from the dragon balls,
would have gone according to my plan!
but i will come back to life as many times as it takes...
to realize my revenge against kami.
i will be the absolute ruler!
c-can't move.
this is one of the specialties of the demonic four monarchs!
be a good fellow and give up.
l give up-
then answer my question. where is kami?
don't know. mister popo really don't know.
lying to us will do you no good.
mister popo not lie.
worthless fool!
not even your great power will work within that light.
i doubt you'll be able to escape from there.
you get to live.
you won't object if i wait here until kami returns.
i'll at least let you live that long.
cheers!
what do you know?
there's more to kuririn than we thought.
look at this guy!
he ignores his training, and manages to find such a cute sweetheart.
"s-sweetheart" is a bit strong, i wouldn't say that just yet.
oh? you mean we aren't sweethearts?
in that case, i could go for this guy as well!
is that so?
oh, ow, ow, ow, ow!
yamucha!
yamucha-sama...
j-just kidding! don't take it so seriously!
i mean, right?
nuh uh, i was serious.
oh, no!
hold on, this has gone far enough.
just how do you feel about kuririn?
huh? how do i feel about kuririn-chan?
maron doesn't know!
now that i think about it, kuririn might be better at this than i thought.
i envy him.
we have to settle this matter now.
hey, kuririn!
i am your master.
what is the matter? this is sort of out of the blue...
in other words, i'm something of a father figure to you.
however, i do not remember giving you my permission...
for you to be seeing a young lady like this.
but sir! didn't you just congratulate me?
that's right! now you're sounding high-handed!
where's the harm in it, master-sama?
you didn't let me finish!
it so happens that where this young lady is concerned, there's...
say, turtle-chan, could you stop calling me a young lady like that?
i have a name, it's maron-chan!
oh, i see.
well then, maron-chan,
as far as you're concerned, there's one condition.
condition?
it couldn't be...
what is it, turtle-chan?
maron-chan, you have to let me pafu-pafu your hooters, just a little bit!
ow, ow ow, ow!
what are you thinking?!
really!
th-that was a joke, guys! a joke!
i said no, an' i mean no.
no matter what?
no way. the longer you're hangin' around goku-sa's friends,
the faster you get stupid.
how can you say that?
didn't you make a promise to your ma?
you said you'd make up the studyin' you'd missed before.
but...
you've already used up your playin' time.
you'll study until evenin'.
that's a good boy. study hard!
what's this?
who's there?
g-garlic jr.! what are you doing here?!
i welcome you to my temple, kami.
i had heard that you fools in the demon clan were up to something,
but i did not think it was because you had escaped from the dead zone!
i see your arrogant manner of speech hasn't changed any.
mister popo! mister popo! where are you?
perhaps this is what you are looking for?
even having successfully guarded this temple for many hundreds of years,
this is how mister popo winds up when matched up against me.
what does someone like you, who mistakes his own level of status,
come to this temple for?
garlic jr.! i can't believe you still aspire to the throne of kami?!
what do you mean, you can't believe it?
i will replace the likes of you, and rule over this domain!
you insolent fool!
you expect me to just surrender the throne of kami?!
interesting.
you sound as if you're about to show me what you're capable of.
so let's see what it is to have the power of a kami!!
what?
kami! submit, and kneel down before me!
i'll let you be one of my servants, if you like!
don't be absurd!
i'm going to keep you alive for now.
after all, i need to use the dragon balls again.
th-the dragon balls?
for the time being, i'm going to make you experience
all the pain and suffering i felt,
until i revive my father garlic!
i'm sorry, mother. i'm a bad boy.
hey, cut it out, haiya dragon!
you want to come with me to the kame house?
kuririn-san, we'll be right there!
it's here! this is it!
garlic jr.-sama, what is it?
this is what my father garlic had taken from him by the previous kami,
"aquamist."
the water of oppression!
inside this container is the aquamist fog, the essence of the evil in mankind's heart.
anyone who inhales this mist will find themself reborn as a demon clansman.
the world will be turned into a hellish, demonic place!
and there, reigning over it from the highest point...
will be garlic jn-sama, yes?
that is correct!
having overtaken the throne of kami, garlic jr. proceeds with his ambitious plan.
however, no one is yet aware of the reality of what has happened!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku had not returned,
but earth was the very picture of peace. however...
having sought kami's throne previously,
but instead finding himself sealed within the dead zone by goku and his friends,
garlic jr. returns!
with the help of this mist,
all living things will undergo a demonic rebirth,
resulting in the world's descent to an utterly hellish state!
"black mist of terror...!! everyone turns demonic."
garlic, my father,
i was able to carry out your will, and have taken the throne of kami as my own.
all that remains is for me to use the dragon balls to resurrect you to this world.
by that time, the earth will be overrun and controlled by the demon clan!
father, please wait just a little while longer.
haven't you found them yet?
please, forgive me.
even now that i possess kami's water mirrors,
which can project any point in the lower world,
to think that i still cannot locate them...
you two have something to do with this.
i'll pay you back a hundred-fold for everything you've done to me.
you'll slowly and steadily experience a suffering worse than that of hell.
particularly when it comes to son goku and his son.
gohan-chan!
gohan-chanl!
gohan-chan's gone off an' turned delinquent!
he's been enticed by kuririn, that friend of goku-sa's.
if he spends too much time playin' at muten roshi's place,
his lechery will rub off on him!
oh, my gohan-chan!
pretty soon we'll see everyone, right haiya dragon?
what's the matter, haiya dragon?
what are you doing, haiya dragon?
really, what are you up to?
you're a strange one.
squirrel-kun!
haiya dragon!
what's the matter, everyone? stop!
they're usually such gentle animals! what's going on?
mister popo, it won't do any good for us to struggle.
all we can do is wait for help to come.
but kami-sama, garlic jr. used aquamist.
doing that, everyone will turn into demon clan.
both he and his father are beneath contempt.
he's repeating what happened before...
if only son goku were here.
garlic jr.-sama! we've found him!
what?!
it's the son of son goku!
we've found you, kid!
bring that kid here!
if we just capture him, son goku is sure to show himself!
kuririn! be sure to catch us something good for supper!
we're counting on you!
yamucha-san, how about lending a hand out here?
you said not to worry about it,
that you were going to do this yourself to show that cute girlfriend of yours!
hi, kurin-chan!
i'll help you out there.
maron-chan!
oh, yeah!
a young woman's skin is so fine...
it's so bouncy!
kurin-chan'.!
maron-chan!
kuririn, look out!
where is gohan?! i know he's here somewhere!
chichi-san!
muten roshi-sama, now's the most important time for my gohan-chan.
i don't want him associatin' with any of his strange delinquent friends,
if you please.
d-delinquent friends?
by that, do you mean us?
a-ye p.
just a minute there, auntie.
auntie?!
everyone here is having such a nice time,
we wish you wouldn't be such a wet blanket.
did you just call me by the name "auntie?"
oh, if that's the way it came across, then i apologize.
but in any case, auntie,
be it gohan-chan or rice-chan or whoever, the boy isn't here.
you're gonna pay .
how dare you, another woman, look someone as young and beautiful
as myself in the face and call her auntie!
w-w-w-wait just a second, chichi-san!
you can't seriously fight against this amateur!
old man turtle, you really are a perv!
kurin-chan'.!
maron-chan, come on, come on! look!
kurin-chan, the auntie was just about to show me something.
let go of me! lemme go! let me fight with that young missy!
let go!
q h. pa fu-pa fu, pa fu-pa fu!
i'll fight her! i'll make that young missy pay! let us fight! she has to pay!
maron-chan, it's a dangerous thing to get her mad!
how come?
she is the one person even super saiyan goku is afraid of,
making her the most powerful woman in the universe!
and who is this goku person?
look, how many times have i explained it to you?
son goku, who's my friend.
oh, whatever.
ku rin-chan, wait!
i won't let her get away with it!
not in that terrifying swimsuit she's wearing!
she's a devil woman!
everyone's going to be so surprised to see me.
kuririn-san!
huh? gohan!
maron-san, good day!
that's right, your name was gohan-kun, wasn't it?
he's who all that was about.
hey, gohan, you didn't tell chichi-san you were coming, did you?
you don't mean, don't tell me...
that's right, your mother is already here.
and she is reeeally mad!
what should i do?
it's okay, though.
kurin-chan said he'd apologize to your mother for you.
pretty good, huh?
m-me apologize to chichi?! there's no way i'd do that!
is that so, kurin-chan?
i guess i've overstepped my bounds, huh?
j-j-just a second...
i'm going home.
all right, all right.
kuririn-san!
that's my kurin-chan!
we're almost there, gohan.
kurin-chan, hang tough!
mother!
chichi-san, please forgive him! gohan wasn't trying to be bad!
i'm sorry. i left without saying so, and i apologize.
chichi-san! you didn't have to go that far!
what do you think you're doing, auntie?
not again!
mother...
maron-chan, you just had to go and say that again!
this is my fault?
i'm sorry! i'll do my studies,
and listen to what you say, and even help around the house!
what's the matter with you, mother?
what do you want, old man?!
go away!
kurin-chan, help me!
w-w-wait just a second, we can talk this out!
i know that maron-chan must have said something to upset you, but...
she has so many other cute qualities about her.
what's wrong with all of you?!
mother!
kuririn-san!
be careful, gohan!
there's something wrong with everyone!
mother...
no! stay back! go away! don't come closer!
maron-chan!
so, you didn't breathe the aquamist, hmm?
how lucky for you.
it took quite a bit of effort to find you, son of son goku!
who are these monsters?
g-gohan!
you're the ones who did this to my mother, aren't you?!
that's right, kid.
change my mother back!
impossible. to reverse the effects of the aquamist requires ultra holy water.
ultra holy water?
however, the holy water can only be found in the temple of the heavenly realm.
how about it, kid?
why don't you come to the heavenly realm with us?
you're quite welcome!
what?!
looks like he's going to make a go of it.
however, he's no match for us.
i can't move!
didn't we just say you were no match for us?
who's there?!
piccolo-sen!
if it isn't piccolo-san. we've been waiting for you.
i had heard that some crude demon clansmen were out messing around.
it's you guys, is it?
garlic-same is waiting for you.
he said he has much he wishes to say to you.
what? did you say garlic jr.?
piccolo appears as gohan faces danger.
is there any way to rescue the earth...
from the plans of that embodiment of the devil, garlic jr.?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the recently revived garlic jr. turns every living thing on earth into demon clansmen,
by releasing the power of the aquamist, the fog of the devil.
and, to further secure revenge against son goku, he had his demonic henchmen,
the four monarchs, launch an attack on gohan. but just then...
what have we here? if it isn't piccolo-sen.
garlic jr.-sama is waiting for you.
he has much he wishes to say to you.
garlic jr., you say?
"the heavenly realm is the battlefieldl! piccolo becomes devilish again..."
garlic jr., huh?
there was once someone so foolish...
he fell into a dead zone of his own making and couldn't get out.
wasn't that his name?
what?!
garlic jr...
what's happening?
kurin-chan, do you hang around with monsters like this?
i'm shocked! i'm shocked! i'm shocked! m-m-maron-chan!
how did he escape from the dead zone?
i doubt you guys had the power to do it alone.
that's enough out of you!
i'll tell you how.
it's thanks to the makyo world.
the makyo world?
that's right.
the homeworld of our demon clan. it approaches earth every 5,000 years.
you once numbered yourself among the demons,
you must have known this.
as the makyo world approaches, our dormant powers awaken,
and we grow several dozen times stronger.
garlic jr.-sama raised his increased dormant powers as high as they would go,
and freed himself under his own power.
and now that he's defeated kami in the heavenly realm,
and gained immortality with the dragon balls,
garlic jr.-sama has become kami for all eternity!
k- ka mi-sama?
all that remains is to wait for the aquamist...
to change all living things on earth into demon clansmen.
that will only take a few hours more!
the effects of the aquamist will become permanent after 24 hours.
that means that 24 hours after breathing it,
not even the ultra holy water will return you to normal!
h-how awful!
by sunrise tomorrow,
every living thing on earth will bow down before garlic jr.-sama.
piccolo, our garlic jr. is a magnanimous being.
if you would go along, he said he would be willing to forget about the past.
how about it?
don't you want to once again live as they do, as a demon clansman?
don't you want to join us...
in seeing that the world is again filled with terror and hopelessness?
this is the desire of garlic jr.-sama.
why you!
is that your answer?
in that case, we'll have to persuade you by force!
go ahead and try.
what's the matter, piccolo-san?
stop this, yamucha-san!
move it!
piccolo-sen! stop it!
what are you doing, kurin-chan?
your opponent is an old man, isn't he?
why don't you clock him one? clock him one good!
h-how can you ask me to do that?
kurin-chan'.!
maron-chan!
everyone is ganging up on me!
maron-chan!
help me!
kurin-chan'.!
maron-chan!
haiya dragon!
take care of maron-chan!
kurin-chan'.!
watching these friends kill each other is really something to see.
please stop!
look out!
piccolo-sen!
piccolo-sen, are you all right?
i can handle this by myself!
you guys go to the heavenly realm!
get the ultra holy water away from garlic!
b-but...
gohan, let's leave this to piccolo!
there's no time to spare!
if we don't hurry, they're going to have their way!
go'.!
right! okay, then!
this is unfortunate for all of you, but i need for you to die.
piccolo-sen!
piccolo-sen!
stay away!
hurry! hurry up!
p-piccolo-san!
i said go!
the kid, he's getting away!
let him go.
he's headed to the temple of the heavenly realm anyway.
it saves us the bother.
l-i'm counting on you, gohan!
go-gohan...
gohan!
kuririn-san...
well, let's go!
right!
kurin-chan'.!
kurin-chan! just a minute!
no way, maron-chan, you and haiya dragon have to find somewhere safe to hide!
you have to be kidding! i'm going with you!
it sounds like fun. and i love adventures!
maron-chan. where we're going isn't going to be all that easygoing.
it's all right.
if it gets really dangerous, you're going to save me, kurin-chan.
unbelievable!
i get it now.
go ahead and toss me aside, and take off to wherever you feel like going!
kuririn-san, we have to hurry!
uh, yeah...
oh, all right.
haiya dragon, fly as fast as you can!
this is why i like you so much, kurin-chan!
this guy sure has a big mouth!
don't.
if we kill him, then kami dies,
and we won't be able to use the dragon balls.
oh, that's right.
besides...
being bitten by one of these guys...
puts you in the same condition as if you had inhaled the aquamist.
rise then, our newfound ally.
d-damn. even with all of us litts against just one monkey...
for us to be wiped out...
hey, i have something to ask you.
there should have been...
a saiyan calling himself kakarrot or son goku on this planet recently.
s-saiyan, you say?
that's right. where did he go?
you mean there are more of them than just you?
filthy saiyan monkeys!
so then, you don't know?
if you see freeza in the other world, tell him this for me...
"i'm going to beat the same kakarrot that killed you."
"you should feel grateful."
freeza-sama killed by a saiyan?! that's impossible!
naive, to the very end.
kakarrot, i know you're around here somewhere.
i can feel your unique saiyan ki.
wherever you are, whatever you're doing, i'll be sure to find you!
kuririn-san, this is strange!
where could karin-sama have gone?
you don't suppose that strange smoke...
hey! what's the matter?!
all right, let's go in. keep your eyes peeled, gohan.
right!
kurin-chan! i'm getting cold! is there anything i can wear?
hey, is this the heavenly realm then? sure is a gloomy place.
kuririn-san!
what noisy folk you are!
oh, it's you guys?
karin-same!
you're all right then?
indeed! and i was sleeping so happily, too.
what a cute kitty-chan!
hey. now!
wh-who is the young lady?
m-maron-chan.
what kind of fool comes to a holy place such as this wearing a swimsuit?!
no, um, you see...
she is kuririn-san's girlfriend.
what did you say?
nice to meet you!
who're you foolin'?!
ain't no way a pachinko-head like you could get yerself a girl!
it's nothing for you to get upset over, is it?
well, in that case, it's okay. so then, what can i do for you?
that's right! karin-same, right now the world is in a terrible mess!
hold on. rather than having you go spelling it all out, i'll read your mind.
what's this?! aquamist?! i see.
that's why you're headed to the heavenly plane?
r-right!
that will be perilous!
the ultra holy water is surely up in the heavenly realm.
however, it is in a container deep within the temple, next to the aquamist.
it's pretty likely that garlic jr. has it well protected.
karin-same! thank you very much!
take good care of maron-chan!
now hold on there!
kurin-chan, take me with you!
how do you expect me to look after this loud young lady?!
now cut that out!
this is terrible!
where are kami-sama and mister popo?
welcome to my temple! i've been waiting for the both of you.
the ultra holy water is in here.
come and take it!
gohan!
right!
piccolo-sen!
wait! there's something strange about him!
piccolo, don't tell me, you...
we meet again, kid.
you're faster than we thought, i'll give you credit for that.
damn.
they got piccolo-sen too.
wh-what's this?!
piccolo has joined forces with garlic jr.?!
how will gohan and kuririn overcome this development?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in order to return chichi and the others who had become demonic back to normal,
gohan and kuririn headed off to the temple of the heavenly realm.
however, there was already someone there waiting to face them.
piccolo-sen!
we meet again, kid.
you're faster than we thought, i'll give you credit for that.
dammit.
they got piccolo-sen too.
"direct confrontation with piccolo!! an angry masenko in the heavenly realm."
even your beloved piccolo-sen here...
has become garlic jr.-sama's obedient servant.
he has become one of us demon clansmen!
just like your mother has.
son of son goku...
or, as i recall, you have the name gohan...
i have a question for you.
it's a simple question. you'll answer me, yes?
where is your father?
father?
that's right! son goku, the man foolish enough to oppose me!
you and your father caused me to suffer a severe disgrace.
i intend to take that humiliation and return it to you many times over.
what?!
the world is already in the palm of my hand.
however, without taking revenge against you, i cannot declare my victory complete.
so, tell me, where is son goku? where is he hiding himself?
why hasn't he shown himself?
father is neither running nor hiding!
he just doesn't know you bad guys are around!
he doesn't know? how do you mean?
i'm going to...
i'm going to take care of you!
if you don't want to talk, that's fine too.
as long as you're around, son goku will show himself eventually.
you... miserable... brat!
you brat! your power is not greater than mine!
what was that power just now?
father!
you won't get away with this! i will not let you get away with this!
if you can shoot him, then go ahead!
if kami here dies, piccolo dies too. so long as you don't mind.
kambsama...
gohan!
whoa, there!
i will be your opponent!
garlic jr.-sama, can i ask that you leave these two up to us?
wait just a moment.
very well. until son goku arrives, you may thoroughly amuse yourselves.
however...
i strike the finishing blow. hurt them, but do not kill them!
you hear that?
he's given us his permission! get ready, kid!
hey! save some of that for us, too!
don't get reckless and kill them, now!
yeah, i'll try to be as careful as i can.
well, kid, bring it on!
as for you, the previous kami-sama, feel free to observe this as well.
what's the matter, kid?
if you aren't going to start this, then i will!
gohan!
whoa, i told you that i was going to fight you!
what's wrong with you?
is this all the power you have?
come now, you're supposed to be son goku's son.
don't you die from just that!
gohan...
gohan!
hey, what's the matter, let's get going!
i see, you've already had it.
in that case, i'll just finish you off!
gohan!
kuririn-san!
you fool!
kuririn-san!
a-one, two, three, four, and one, two, three, four,
a little more, one, two, one, two, and three, four...
this side, the other side, a-one, two...
how lucky you had these clothes in a place such as this!
one, two, ah, they're so nice! a-three, four, a-one, two...
i hope you like them.
if you need anything else, just tell me.
i am a great, great sage after all.
i sure will!
say, yajirobe, this young miss...
doesn't seem to be paying me quite enough respect, does she?
quite enough? she ain't payin' none at all.
um, yajirobe and kitty-chan...
excuse me, i do have the name karin-same.
it doesn't matter what your name is.
i'm so hungry! make me something.
huh? us?!
that's right. hurry, okay?
sure, but, when it comes to cookin', we, uh, that is... right?
pretty please?
'kay!
right away!
hey, yajirobe, can't we do something about that little lady?
you're jus' too indulgent with her, karin-same.
can'tcha be more tough with her?!
but i'm a kind and gentle sage. i couldn't do that, could i?
kind an' gentle sage, huh? yeah, right.
without your help, she'll never come to respect me.
'kay then, i'll do everythin' i can.
excuse me, kitty-chan?!
yes?!
ain't no way he can get her to respect him like that.
kuririn-san! kuririn-san!
this is from me having slacked off in my training lately...
i couldn't move around the way i wanted to...
kuririn-san!
gohan, never mind about me...
you've got to get your hands on that ultra holy water by tomorrow morning...
otherwise piccolo, your mom, and everyone else can't be returned to normal!
what is it? what am i lacking to become a super saiyan?
why was kakarrot able to become one?
why? that oversoft scum!
why?!
th-this ki...
a super saiyan ki...
kakarrot?
it is! i've found you at last, kakarrot!
there! on top of that rock. he's there all right!
what?!
is this all?
what, was it an illusion?
no. that was no illusion.
this land used to be flat, but he blew this away with his ki, leaving this mountain.
the only one who could have done this was you, kakarrot, as a super saiyan!
good. apparently you've raised your skill level again.
well i'll raise mine even higher! you just wait, kakarrot!
why, that kid! he's got even more power than before!
he's got such power!
it's no use. let's get to it.
but garlic jr.-sama's orders were to not...
it's nothing to worry about. either way, he's just as dead.
i guess you're right.
wh-why those two...
it's all right! let them go.
g-gohan!
gohan...
masenko'.!
rotten brat!
miserable fool!
you lousy punk!
don't get too full of yourself!
piccolo-sen!
most interesting. piccolo, squash him!
pic... colo-san...
gohan is in an utter pinch!
at last, there is a direct confrontation with the demonified piccolo.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
using the aquamist, garlic jr. conspires to rule the whole world by taking kami's place,
and turning all living things on earth into demons.
furthermore, piccolo also becomes demonic, and has come under his rule.
piccolo, squash him!
let him know the power of the demon clan!
piccolo-sen...
"retrieve everyone's minds!! the ultra holy water resting in the temple."
stop, piccolo-sen...
gohan!
piccolo-sen...
that sure looks like fun.
that contemptible piccolo! is he trying to kill us too?
how truly delightful!
the pupil who he trained as his own apprentice...
is now being destroyed by his own hand!
this is so characteristic of a demon clansman!
kami, you should watch this too.
the moment your own alter ego crosses over to the glorious demon side!
dammit!
that's enough. leave the rest up to us.
this is for tard and zald!
brace yourself, kid!
that creep! is he planning to keep us out of this?
from the start, piccolo and son goku were bitter adversaries.
perhaps when he entered the demon clan,
some dormant hatred within him was released.
pic... colo-san...
now!
you asinine fool!
did you really think you could take this away from me just like that?!
can you take it now?
come on, what's the matter? hurry up and take it!
now go to hell!
kufl... fin... - san...
loathsome trash! say your prayers.
stop!
piccolo-sen...
look out, gohan!
stop!
please stop, piccolo-sen!
kuririn-san...
here you go.
i did it! that's 22 wins in a row.
hey, you! you can read minds, can'tcha? why don'tcha use that?
you hush! i was reading her mind and still lost.
what?
this girl doesn't think anything.
that'd explain it.
i'll take this, then.
so this bell is required to get to the heavenly realm.
okay then, what do you bet next?
this!
it is another instrument necessary to get to the heavenly realm.
this is the nyoi bo, and can also be used as a weapon.
karin-same! ain't this somehow wrong?
you be quiet! how can you be satisfied with her shutting us out?
kurin-chan's friends are so much fun, every single one of them!
well, let's play! let's play, let's play! i won't lose this time!
take your time, take your time! remember what's riding on this!
kuririn-san!
please, come out of it, kuririn-san!
kuririn-san...
very well. you shall become our newest member.
piccolo-sen...
you'll have to thank piccolo.
you get to see the bottle of ultra holy water before you die.
that's it?
whoa, the way ahead is a restricted area!
kuririn-san!
kuririn-san!
kuririn-san, don't tell me you too...
didn't you know, kid?
if bitten by a member of the demon clan, once their saliva flows through your body,
it's the same as if you had breathed in the aquamist...
you become a demon clansman!
give it up, kid. you're all by yourself!
garlic jr.-sama, we request that we be allowed to finish this one off!
of course, we will save the final blow for yourself, garlic jr.-sama.
fine.
how can you...?
wait. didn't i say i would strike the finishing blow?
so you did.
kuririn!
you-how?!
you really expected me to do as you wanted?
yeah, but you could have pulled your punches a little.
i mean, poor gohan!
he's trained hard enough that our level of attack wouldn't have worn him out.
why, you!
how dare you deceive me so!
piccolo and the others at last manage to save kami-sama and mister popo.
however, the time when the ultra holy water...
will lose its effect is steadily drawing nearer!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the terrifying, devilish hand of garlic jr. has taken over the throne of kami...
by turning all living things on earth into demons,
which even reached piccolo and kuririn!
but then, piccolo...
wait. didn't i say i would strike the finishing blow?
so you did.
kuririn!
"can't wait until morning!! kami-sama determines a suicidal course of action."
you-how?!
you really expected me to do as you wanted?
yeah, but you could have pulled your punches a little.
i mean, poor gohan!
he's trained hard enough that our level of attack wouldn't have worn him out.
kambsama...
piccolo-sen...
there's no way i'm going to be beaten by just that.
in which case,
i wish you had told us earlier what you were up to.
listen closely, kuririn.
i'm going to rough up gohan some more.
garlic wants to finish gohan off for himself.
as such, he's certain to muscle his way in between us.
then, when he lets his guard down, we'll get the bottle that kami is in.
and so, we were able to get through this without creating any painful memories.
you know, kuririn-san and piccolo-san, your acting was pretty good.
i was completely fooled.
with kami being held prisoner,
this was the only way we could have gotten close enough to that punk.
i'm sorry, piccolo,
to have made you go through all that trouble for me.
don't misunderstand! i didn't do all of this for you!
it's because with you in captivity,
i couldn't generate the power i would need.
p-piccolo...
what are you dawdling around for?
leave them to us, and go get the ultra holy water!
you got it.
garlic jr.! your lust for power ends here!
i'm going to send you back into that world of darkness once again!
well, bring it on!
even if you have managed to obtain the ultra holy water,
there's no way that you'll be able to use it in time.
what?
even if you unseal the ultra holy water here,
how many hours do you suppose it would take for it to cover the whole world?
before it does, the sun will have risen,
and you will no longer be able to counteract the aquamist!
no matter what you do, you're out of time!
your plan appears to have failed as well.
all that remains is for me to create an ideal world,
filled with disaster and suffering.
the world, as i wish it to be!
d-dammit!
is... there nothing we... can do?
kambsama...
we've come this far. we'll be all right.
what's wrong with those people?
why did they suddenly become so violent?
it's because of that black fog. i saw it.
in any case, i still have my eternal life!
no matter how you may struggle,
this world, filled to overflowing with the demon clan,
will continue as i wish through eternity!
piccolo-sen...
it's okay, kami-sama.
there is way to spread ultra holy water in short time.
what?
if use seven currents that cover whole world,
spreading ultra holy water easy.
really, mister popo?!
really. there is hole at the bottom of heavenly realm where currents gather.
just pour ultra holy water there.
then we'll go there now!
but kami-sama, there is great danger.
at bottom of heavenly realm is shinsenkai.
shinsenkai?
yes, shinsenkai. place where graves of former kami are.
very, very holy place.
h kami-sama goes there, give up being kami-sama.
perhaps even have spirit pulled out and die.
is that so?
kambsama...
i do not care. come, mister popo.
all of this is my responsibility.
u-understood.
p p guide you.
i'm counting on it.
i won't allow it!
kambsama'.!
you'll have to deal with me!
piccolo!
kami! hurry and go! go!!
right! i'll leave this to you!
how long do you guys intend to swear allegiance to freeza?
impossible! to be defeated by a single saiyan!
it's laughable that you would seek my life at your level.
this is what you get for underestimating a saiyan.
it's true for you as it was true for freeza.
kakarrot! where are you?!
see you in hell!
kienzan'.!
don't toy with me!
now to finish you!
k-kufnin-sa n'.!
take this!
kuririn-san!
what's the matter? are you finished already?
piccolo! you and kami are of one heart and one body!
if kami dies, you die as well, yes?
so whether he has his spirit taken from him and dies in the shinsenkai first,
or you lose your life to me first,
either way there's no possibility of you surviving, is there?
unfortunately for you, i'm not as weak as you are.
i am not going to die!
what?!
like i said before, you're going to regret having eternal life!
mister popo, aren't we to the shinsenkai yet?
l-little farther.
hmm?
haven't you realized it yet?
that red star!
that is the homeworld of the demon clan,
which has revived me and given me such great power!
the makyo world!
it has returned near to earth after 5,000 years!
and when it draws near,
the power of we, the demon clan, increases many times over!
so then, why don't i show you my true power now?!
wh-what's that?! garlic jr.'s ki has suddenly risen sharply!
this is bad! gohan, kuririn, get out of here, now!
wh-what?!
it's up to you, p p !
kami-sama! it's open!
he didn't have to do all that!
piccolo-sen!
gohan, stay sharp!
you certainly did us in pretty well earlier, little ones.
but we've crawled back out of hell to have our revenge!
now with many times the power we had before.
you're...
pitted against the terrifying power-up afforded garlic jr. by the makyo world,
piccolo and the others face their greatest danger!
and will kami and popo...
be able to distribute the ultra holy water around the world in the time that remains?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
go to shinsenkai. can spread ultra holy water to whole world.
you may have obtained the ultra holy water,
but you are out of time!
piccolo and the others saved kami,
and managed to obtain the ultra holy water from garlic jr. however...
"a battle of extreme measures!! kami-sama breaks the covenant."
those two as well...
now then, to show off our true power to the fullest!
gohan! kuririn!
before you worry about others,
you ought to be concerned about yourself!
you were the former kami-sama!
what?!
mister popo can tell. feel familiar. no doubt about it.
please wait! it is i, the one to whom you yielded the throne of kami!
i am aware a being such as i is unworthy to come to this place.
however,
due to our situation...
look out, kami-sama!
former kami-sama, something terrible is happening down on earth!
we must take this ultra holy water to the bottom of the heavenly realm!
look out, kami-sama!
mister popo!
mister pope not bothered by this.
but kami-sama, this no good. he not let us pass no matter what.
mister popo, let's go!
quickly, mister popo! there is no time!
kambsama'.!
too slow!
hurry, mister popo!
kami-sama, so spunky!
finished so soon?
come on. hey!
what's the matter? get up!
you unresponsive wimp!
k-kufnin-sa n'.!
you're not getting away!
kuririn-san!
impossible!
h-he's a freak!
kuririn-san!
our powers are far too unlike, yours and mine.
i guess it was something of a mistake for me...
to let kami die by defeating this one.
the dragon balls will disappear,
and i will be unable to wish my father back to life.
but it's no matter.
in time i will think of another way.
son goku's son, huh?
looks like he was too much for the others to handle after all.
what a shame! you just missed your mentor, piccolo,
leaving for the other world.
not to worry. you'll meet again soon. in hell!
you make me laugh.
to think you would be so proud of that level of power.
perhaps you think becoming a giant has given you greater strength.
in order to truly... become a giant,
you have to do this!
what?!
l-lncredible! piccolo-sen!
your larger scale certainly bestows its own kind of power-up.
however, in exchange, you lose some of your edge on speed.
there's no longer any way you can win!
popo, this is a dead end.
mister popo forgot.
shinsenkai laid out in several sections.
need former kami's permission go further.
kami-sama, all over! get hit again, kami-sama die!
it is nothing.
let's go, mister popo!
kami-sama, incredible!
what's matter, kami-sama?
suddenly, it's hard to breathe...
kami-sama! y-your hand!
l-is this a precursor to having my spirit drawn from me?
kami-sama, must go back. body not last until reach hole of currents.
after coming this far, i can't just turn around now...
kambsama'.!
what?!
p-piccolo-san!
what's wrong? you're already tired out?
you appear to have forgotten that i have eternal life.
what happened to all that energy you had a moment ago?
i cannot allow myself to expire in this place!
kami-sama! there's another wall!
kami-sama, wait!
hang 'm there, pope.
k-kami-sama, your body...
i know...
piccolo-sen!
piccolo and kami share the same mind and body...
in the shinsenkai, kami is about to have his spirit pulled from him...
and so, piccolo is also...
kuririn-san!
between you and kami, which of you will be the first to die?
over there!
is that it?
this is where it ends, piccolo!
at last, kami-sama reaches the bottom of the heavenly realm.
however, his life has all but expired.
and how does gohan plan to challenge garlic jr.,
who has obtained eternal life?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in order to return those who had been changed into demons back to normal,
kami-sama and popo take the ultra holy water,
and rush to the bottom of the heavenly realm.
elsewhere, while piccolo fights garlic jr., who had been revived by the makyo world,
his power drops suddenly to its lowest level!
"the ultra holy water worked!! the world awakens from its nightmare."
are you all right?
piccolo! your body...
s-something must be happening to that wretched kami.
k-kambsama...
kambsama'.!
k-kambsama...
so this is the revered form of the kami that formerly governed over the earth?
you all are exalted, all-powerful, all-knowing kami?
how shameful for you!!
it is true, i am born of planet namek, an alien to this world.
it is true that i have been an inferior kami to you.
however, i love this earth more than any of you,
and have the same love for all living things upon it!
my hope is to be able to die for those people!
i will be allowed...
to pour out this ultra holy water into the hole of the air currents.
why don't you just... die!
you did it! you did it, gohan!
gohan! don't let your guard down!
right!
l-it can't be!
that was quite an attack just now.
even i thought i saw into the world of the dead for a moment.
i-impossible!
how can he still be alive in his state?
have you forgotten?
he has... garlic jr. has eternal life!
this is a nightmare.
now it's my turn to lead off!
piccolo!
piccolo-sen!
worthless idiot!
what do you expect to do in your condition?
dammit!
brat!
now then...
p-piccolo, if i had a little more power remaining,
i may have been able to protect you.
to think that it would come to me needing your protection!
how low i've sunk!
th-thanks a lot!
but i'll try to extend yours and kami-sama's life,
even if just by a little bit.
even i...
can be of use, right?
why, you!
after everything else, you attack with this?
what are you...?
l-it's no use!
you'll pay!
you're gonna pay for that!
you piece of crap!
i'll kill you an inch at a time!
i'm going to kill you so very painfully!
k-kuririn!
piccolo... stop!
haven't you died yet?
i'll send you both to hell at the same time!
what do you think you're doing, you lech?!
who're you callin' a lech?!
lady, it's your fault for tossin' in yer sleep!
look, look! what a pretty sunrise!
how lovely!
huh? karin-chan, what are you doing?
how much longer? there's no time left!
there, there, that's the spot...
now stop doing that!
it's the kid, huh?
shoot him! gohan!
but...
shoot him!
blast him into so many pieces there won't be anything left!
gohan! do it!
hurry up!
kambsama'.!
popo, here.
get this ultra holy water to the hole with the air currents!
they're only after me.
kami-sama, no use! no time!
if don't run away, kami-sama will die!
silence! if you don't hurry, you're fired as my assistant!
d-don't worry about me! go, quickly!
k-kambsama'.!
go! get going!
shoot him!
gohan! shoot!
kambsama'.!
what are you doing?! hurry up!
60!!
shoot!!
curse you all!
what's that?!
you did it, kami!
l-it's... it's okay now.
why, you...
how dare you trample on my dream of a utopian world?!
don't think you're going to get away with this!
damn! not that again!
suck it in! swallow the heavenly realm and everything in it, dead zone!
piccolo-sen!
kid! you really think that will protect you?
i'm sure you all remember!
a space that numbs your body and mind,
where not even a single ray of light may enter! the dead zone!
i'll seal you all in here until you die!
garlic jr. once again creates his dead zone!
do gohan and the others have a chance at victory?
and what of kamk and pope'?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
kami-sama and mister popo finally pour...
the ultra holy water into the hole of air currents,
all the while facing harm from the spirits of the kami that came before them.
however...
why you...!
how dare you trample on my dream of a utopian world?!
suck it in! swallow the heavenly realm and everything in it, dead zone!
"gohan's brief chance for victory!! blast the makyo world..."
die! the dead zone will be your grave!
g-gohan!
k-kami is...
k-kambsama'.!
damn!
if we don't beat him, then dispersing the ultra holy water won't matter!
piccolo!
kambsama'.!
wh-what is happening now?
don't know. probably garlic jr. behind it.
th-the dead zone?
how can he use that technique again?!
once i finish you off, i will revive my demon clansmen,
and rule the world!
as long as i have the makyo world, my power is unbounded!
i will continue to spread terror and hopelessness...
by the effects of the makyo world!
it's no use!
gohan, not even you can blast your way through him now!
g-gohan... the makyo world...
you have to destroy the makyo world, the source of his power!
there's no way he can handle something like that!
it's all he can do to generate this shield.
it's the only way...
y-you don't mean... he has to remove this shield?!
do it, gohan! at this rate, no one will survive!
how long do you think you can stand up to this?
you can regret your foolishness in this endless hell!
wh-what are you loafing around for, gohan?!
hurry and blast the makyo world!
but the moment i remove this shield,
piccolo-sen, you and kuririn-san will be drawn into the dead zone!
blast it, gohan!
gohan! remove the shield!
kuririn-san!
we don't matter!
you're the only one who can stop garlic jr.'s evil designs, gohan!
i... i couldn't do such a thing!!
kambsama...
what's this?
have ancient kami-sama forgiven kami-sama'?
you rotten bunch of know-nothings!
haven't you figured out yet why i've done this?
wh-what's that?!
where are we?
kami!
k-kambsama'.!
my power!
my power is back to normal!
why, you...!
you fool! you have returned just so that you could die!
piccolo!
piccolo-sen!
so you've chosen your own death?
stay alive just a little longer, kami!
p-piccolo!
idiot! what are you planning?
fine, then!
if you want to rush your death, that's up to you. go to hell!
now, gohan! blast it!
piccolo-sen!
blast it, gohan!
now, while piccolo has his attention!
but...
there's no time, gohan!
kuririn-san!
fall! fall!
is this all you've got?
wh-what?!
you think you're clever?!
annoying insects!
now! gohan!
blast it!
what?!
o-oh hell, no!
wherever you may be, i'm going to find you, kakarrot!
i'll teach you who the number one saiyan in the universe is!
ahem, have i done anything... inappropriate?
of all the...
where's gohan-chan gone off to?
what does he mean by leavin' me in such a place?
you there!
you guys stop spendin' all your time ridin' those useless toys, and study some!
right!
piccolo-sen...
kuririn-san...
piccolo-sen! kuririn-san!
kami-sama! mister popo!
thank goodness! you've survived!
yeah, somehow or another...
hey... gohan...
move it, would you?
yo, everyone.
kuririn-san!
kuririn-san!
kuririn-san, thank goodness!
boy, that was a real close one there!
it's thanks to you destroying the makyo world!
piccolo-sen!
if that rotten garlic's body hadn't gotten smaller,
we would have been drawn into the dead zone instead.
i see.
at the moment garlic jr. lost the power he was using to brace himself,
he could no longer endure the struggle!
with the makyo world destroyed,
there's no way he can possibly revive himself.
he really was an idiot.
piccolo-sen, even without father around, we won, huh?
against an opponent the likes of garlic jr., we don't need his power.
b-but...
ordinarily, you would have been a match for him by yourself.
forgive me.
i will keep training.
gohan!
you've done well, gohan.
garlic jr.'s latest designs had been thwarted.
as such, it was thought that everyone...
would continue spending their days in peace. however...
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
as if the fight with garlic jr. had been just a dream from a scene of a tv drama,
peaceful days had once again returned to earth.
"you're my guy... kuririn... a 101st proposal."
kufln-chan, hurry'.!
right. right, right!
of all the... why does shopping with women have to be this tough?
so, what do you think you're doing, kurin-chan?!
s-sorry, maron-chan...
how annoying! i'm picking up, already!
yes, hello?
hmm?
oh, bulma, is that you?
th-there's an emergency situation!
come to the kame house right away!
all right, let's see you knock out a home run this time!
yamucha-san, you have a telephone call.
a phone call? for me?
hello?
m-muten roshi-sama!
i wonder how maron-chan feels about me.
maybe she'd be happier if she were seeing a rich man,
like that one earlier...
what a pretty dress!
kurin-chan, i want to try this dress on!
maron-chan, i didn't realize you were considering this...
congratulations, kuririn!
lucky you, kuririn!
that car is so nice! i want to ride in it!
which...?
that house is so cute! i want to live there!
where, where, where?
okay, maron-chan.
i have to act like a man!
i'm going to start thinking seriously too!
what is this?!
y-you don't have to get so angry.
how can i not be angry about this?!
really, this ain't funny!
we pulled gohan-chan away from studyin' to fly here, you know!
how can you do this to us?
what part of umigame's birthday are you calling the emergency situation?!
w-well, given he's turning 1,000, we can't just let it go.
and well, i forgot all about it until this morning,
so getting ready for it has been a real struggle.
oh, everyone,
i'm so touched that you would trouble yourselves...
to gather together here today on my behalf...
i am so truly blessed to have such good friends!
cheers!
this is a bit hot, isn't it?
thank you very much!
umigame-san, congratulations on your 1,000th birthday!
congratulations!
congratulations!
congratulations!
congratulations!
oh, kuririn!
hi, everybody! hi, yamucha!
h-hi...!
why, you...
why are you all here?
what a big cake!
oh, no! it's still much too early to be giving us cake!
and how did you know?
y-you don't mean, you two are... getting married?
nah, we haven't formalized anything yet,
but maron-chan keeps saying these things...
way to go, kuririn!
how nice for you!
well, didn't we do nicely for ourselves?
i hope you turn out as good a bride as i have.
this won't do, kuririn!
as your master, i have not yet given my permission!
y-you mean...
i see no other choice. if you want my permission...
i'll need one round of pafu-pafu with maron-chan!
tu rtle-chan, how cute!
maron-chan, i wonder, can i make you truly happy?
why don't you give her the mermaid's tear as a present?
for some reason, i couldn't sleep.
please forgive me, i didn't mean to eavesdrop.
no, it's okay. so, what's this mermaid's tear you mentioned?
it's a legendary giant pearl, said to be at the bottom of the sea around here.
legend has it that whoever is given this pearl,
by one who loves them, is sure to be happy.
sure to be happy, huh?
all right!
i will find this mermaid's tear, and present it to maron-chan!
by doing so, i'm sure i'll be able to propose to her properly!
"legend has it that whoever is given this pearl,
by one who loves them, is sure to be happy."
maron-chan, i vow to give you the mermaid's tear. and then...
oh, they sure are fine, those lively young girls!
muten roshi-sama, they're your favorites, same as they've always been, huh?
pa! don't you go pullin' any lecherous faces!
say, how come kurin-chan isn't here? i'm bored.
hey, yamucha, take me to the city for some shopping?
well, you see...
hold on, now, are you sure you're serious about kuririn?
maron doesn't know.
you don't know? of all the...
she's right!
to get married, you have to have what it takes...
for keepin' house and raisin' children, like i do!
you can't be gettin' married with half-hearted feelin's.
oh, my! you're such a couple of auntie-sans!
a-auntie... sans?
she might be one, but not me...
what did you say?!
i'm younger than you are!
i'm not the one who looks house-worn!
i do not look like i'm house-worn!
i am a lovely, lovely housewife!
this is a fright...
i can do whatever i want.
maron will go to a nearby beach now.
kuririn-san, we should search the ocean floor around here, right?
yeah. thanks for helping me out on this.
what's the matter with the fish-sans?
it's the mermaid's tear!
l-i've finally found it!
kurkrkn-san, watch out'.!
kuririn-san!
the mermaid's tear!
kurkrkn-san, watch out'.!
i see. this pearl is the treasure of the fish-sans.
treasure?
yeah.
they're guarding it with everything they have.
kuririn-san, is it out of the question to give maron-san a different present?
do we have to take this pearl back with us, no matter what?
i'm sorry, maron-chan. l...
gohan, let's go home.
kuririn-san...
maron-chan...
kurin-chan'.!
what's wrong, kurin-chan? i hate a gloomy person.
y-yeah.
you see... maron-chan...
what?
i'll be frank. i'm not sure i have what it takes to make you happy. and so...
farewell.
kurin-chan...
say, hold on a minute! how come?
don't you like me any more?
s-sure i do...
then why?
you know, for you, kurin-chan, i wouldn't mind being a bride...
maron-chan, see, you can't... huh?
bride?
m-maron-chan!
maron-chan!
maron-chanl!
yo.
say there, honey, how about going for a drive with me?
how far?
metro west.
lucky lucky! i'll go, i'll go!
i'm back!
hmm? where's maron-chan?
yeah, well, she wasn't the kind of girl who would settle down,
so "bang," i broke up with her!
you did what?!
what a waste!
are you sure about that? she didn't dump you?
oolong!
way to go, kuririn! i gotta give you more credit.
that's right! i can say this now, but i was against it from the start!
so was i. there's somethin' about that li'l lady...
she lacked any kind of discretion!
didn't she though?
kuririn-san...
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
what's up with father, anyhow?
it's been a year now.
maybe he doesn't want to come back to earth.
"that there is earth, papa... the counter-attack of freeza, father and son."
ka... me...
ha... me...
ha!!
shoot!
it's no use. at my level...
i don't even hold a candle to goku.
the time when i, muten roshi,
could be hailed as the greatest under the sun is now a thing of the past.
yeah, and now you're no more than a simple, dirty old man.
goku must be off in space somewhere, continuing his training.
roughly one year's time has passed since son goku, having become a super saiyan,
and waging the most difficult of battles,
had managed to defeat freeza in an incredible display of strength.
however, son goku had still not returned to earth.
gohan-chan, are ya studyin'?
mother!
gohan-chan, what are ya doin'?
gohan-chan, this is shu saiaku-sensei,
a private tutor who startin' today'll be helpin' with your studyin'.
private tutor?
lately, you've been goo-fin' off too much,
an' you've gotten too far behind in your studyin'.
startin' today, i'm havin' the sensei here strictly oversee your learnin'.
mother, i can do this on my own!
no way! soon you'd be off playin' with haiya dragon!
with goku-sa not coming home in all this time,
an' with my good looks an' youth, to feel like a thermos... [thermosz mahobin, widow: mihonjin]
i mean, a widow... [thermos: mahobin, widow: mihonjin]
is a terrible thing.
i don't have anyone i can count on except you, gohan-chan.
i want you to do everythin' the sensei tells you.
sensei-sama, please accept our request.
i am the strictest, most superior private tutor in the world.
by obediently doing exactly as i say,
even the most stupid pupil can succeed.
gohan-chan ain't stupid.
if you want to get into a good school, you will submit to me!
now then, we will begin with a test.
it sure is nice to be at peace.
i've been wondering, where do you suppose vegeta went off to?
most likely he's flying around in space, trying to catch up with goku.
the guy is obsessed.
just looking at him makes chills go down my back!
if you look closer, you'll see he's a good guy.
where do you see that? he's a spaceship thief!
to go through all that just to pursue goku, you have to admire his guts.
hey, bulma, are you...?
yamucha, don't be jealous, don't be jealous!
makes no difference to me.
from what papa tells me, he should be out of fuel soon.
i wonder if he found son-kun or not.
let's see, this is...
can't you solve a problem as easy as this?
it's only a first year high school level problem!
yeah, well i haven't learned this yet.
don't talk back to me!
what kind of attitude is that?
i will not tolerate any rebelliousness toward me!
do you really want to deny your mother her wishes?
aw, crap...
now gohan-chan will be all right.
we're lucky to have found a good sensei.
i'll cook them somethin' yummy.
such a low level of intelligence!
don't give me that impudent look!
you brat! don't mess around with me.
unbelievable.
i'd like to see the face of the father that ran out on you two.
haiya dragon!
haiya dragon, we can't let mother or the private tutor find out.
haiya dragon, wait!
hey, gohan. how've you been?
father!
father!
goku-sa!
chichi! i just got back.
goku-sa!
chichi, i'm hungry. let me have something to eat.
goku-sa, it's bad manners to go in through a window.
what'll we do if gohan starts doin' it too?
chichi, less formality, more food!
okay, then!
i'll put all my skill into makin' you somethin'!
father, tell me a story about how you fought with freeza!
what have you been doing up until now? hm? hm?
how did you get back? hm?
tell me?
father, tell me!
let go of me, kid!
let go! owww, let go, kid!
hey, kid! let go! let go of me!
let go of my hand now!
you nasty brute!
if you've got that much power, you don't need to nap,
you should be applying that power to your studies!
oh, it was a dream?
well, i guess i should have expected as much from the son of a man who is so inhuman,
someone who directs all his attention to his own physical strengths, isn't that right?
well, you lousy dropout?
what are you looking at me like that for?!
i thought i told you to submit to me!
stop talking badly about my father!
stop talking badly... about him.
stop this.
i won't let you talk badly about father!
stop this! i am your private tutor!
ma'am! gohan-kun is having a tantrum!
gohan, what are you doin' to the sensei?
mother!
what kind of parenting are you doing to be raising a child like this?
indeed! such a rebellious nature as this is out of the ordinary.
how dare you look at me like that?
gohan...
this is all your father's fault, him not coming home.
goku-sa's fault?!
that's right! it's his father's fault!
this has nothing to do with father!
you be quiet!
this is the second year now that you haven't heard from him, isn't it?
how incredibly thoughtless of him!
stop talking badly about father!
but, since this is my job, if you were to ask me to teach a pig...
or for that matter, a monkey, i would teach them.
you'll have to provide five times my usual tutoring fee, though.
gohan-kun is even harder to teach than a monkey, you see.
and he has no real potential...
you've had your say, now get the hell outta here!
mother!
gohan...
the blame for that brat's poor upbringing lies not only with his father,
but even more so with his mother!
you shut up!
oh, dear! the spaceship thief has returned!
vegeta! what do you want?!
oh, dear! oh, dear! oh, dear!
i see kakarrot hasn't returned yet.
you mean you didn't meet up with goku out in space?
i don't have any compelling need to answer you.
hey, hey, that's enough talk, you two.
why don't we let him take a shower?
see? you're so dirty, aren't you?
so, it's this way.
well, hurry up! you're being impolite in front of a lady.
what?!
what's this?
vegeta is at her mercy.
so, anyone for tea?
i've left you something to change into here.
kakarrot, hurry up and get back here.
show me the power of a super saiyan.
oh, so it was vegeta, was it?
and here i came over, certain that it was goku instead.
even now, the only thing vegeta seems to have on his mind is goku.
i don't suppose he's ever worn our kind of clothes, huh?
there's no way to know.
hey, woman!
uh...
woman!
hey!
can't you hear me, earth woman?
now listen here! my name is "bulma"!
call me by my name, you boor.
what have you done with my clothes?
they were dirty, so i put them in the wash.
you did what?!
you've got a change of clothes there, right?
you presume to make me, the prince of the warrior saiyan race,
wear something like this?!
well then, how about going naked?
man, what a vulgar woman!
why, you...
oh, my, it suits you better than i thought!
don't laugh!
if you value your lives, don't laugh!
until son-kun gets back,
how about staying here?
that's a brave front, but i bet you don't have any money, do you?
and if you stay here, you'll know right away when son-kun comes back.
it's your own fault for hirin' that private tutor, chichi!
an' on the other hand, i bet the tutor sure was surprised, huh?
gohan-chan's studyin'.
oh, that's right! but i still bet that private tutor was really surprisified!
pa! can'tcha be more quiet?
can you feel it, gohan? that incredible k1"?
yes.
this... isn't a very good ki, is it?
it's awful! and it's approaching fast.
you must also be vaguely sensing this...
this ki, it belongs to freeza, doesn't it?
it couldn't be.
and yet, it certainly does...
impossible! i'm certain that goku took care of freeza!
it's not just one... there's another... impossibly large ki.
how can this be?
kakarrot, you scum!
you didn't finish him off!
this ki, are you sure it's freeza?
you think i could be mistaken about this?
under what stupid reasoning?
what did you say?!
vegeta! this isn't stupid reasoning, it's yakiniku seasoning!
i have a feeling that even if the earth were gone, bulma would survive.
how can this be?
that there is earth, papa.
it looks as though we've arrived here...
before the super saiyan that did all this to me has.
it's a small planet.
we could blow it away with one blast if we wanted.
if we did that, i wouldn't be satisfied.
i want to teach him a lesson.
now that i'm powered up like this.
you mean this "super saiyan" guy?
i can tell by the radar here,
that you're also on a course towards earth.
i'll make you understand soon enough.
just who the strongest being in the universe really is!
this is terrible. this is terrible. this is terrible.
this is terrible. this is terrible.
gohan-chan!
hold on, gohan-chan, where are ya going?!
today i'm having a new private tutor come over.
freeza was supposed to be dead, but instead he's returned in a powered-up form!
once again, with goku still away,
the earth stands in the shadow of an approaching great evil.
goku, hurry back home!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
that there is earth, papa.
it couldn't be...
and yet, it surely is...
how can this be?!
this ki...
you think i could be mistaken about this?
you stupid fool!
it's not just one... there's another... impossibly large ki.
impossible!
i'm certain that goku took care of freeza!
what's this? freeza survived!
and now, he brings with him an even greater power!
the earth is now in its greatest pinch ever!
"i will defeat freeza... the mysterious youth awaiting goku."
why is this happening?
this is the worst, father!
that's kuririn-san's ki.
yo'.!
kuririn-san, have you sensed it?
yeah. but, then again...
there's no way i could have missed this.
not after having gone through what his kidid to me...
die!!
goku!
so what does this mean?
freeza wasn't killed by father after all, kuririn-san?
that's what i'd like to know.
nothing is adding up.
it doesn't hurt to travel through frontier areas like this once in a while.
you sure are all fired up, aren't you, freeza?
you needn't work yourself up so much for such an opponent.
i'm just so excited, i can't help it, papa.
it's nearly enough to make me hop up and down in here.
where does vegeta get his speed from?
it's all i can do just to keep up!
if freeza has survived, that means kakarrot went too easy on him, as i feared.
but never mind that, who is this guy with freeza,
the one with the ki so much larger than his?
ten-san! could this ki be...?
king cold-same, freeza-sama, we are about to land.
they should probably come down around here somewhere.
you sure about that?
anyone who doesn't know him can keep their mouths shut!
at least i've actually fought against this guy.
hey!
it's bulma!
vegeta, yamucha, yoo-hoo!
down's-a-daisy!
yamucha-sama!
what do you guys think you're doing here?
we came to see this freeza.
after all, when i was on namek, i didn't get to see him once!
you came to see him?
surely you know how dangerous he is!
sure i know, which is why we came!
if freeza wanted to, he could "boom," blow up the whole world, right?
it doesn't matter where we are.
so that's why i wanted to have a look at him.
i thought she was just a vulgar woman, but she's got plenty of guts.
tenshinhan! chaozu!
vegeta! are you back here on earth again?
sounds like you got something you want to say to me.
you bet i do.
i've got plenty to say to you.
after all, we were killed at your hand.
i can't fathom how yamucha can stand to live together with you.
you runt.
what?!
hey, hold on now!
this isn't the time and place for this.
what's happening is terrible. is it freeza?
yeah, apparently so.
hey, you two!
don't just stand there talking, mask your battle powers now, you pinheads!
those guys will have scouters with them.
that namekian is doing an excellent job of it.
better than i expected.
namekian?
piccolo!
how long has he been there?
gohan! everyone's down there!
piccolo-san's there too!
everyone else has been able to sense it.
hey, everyone!
yoo-hoo, kuririn, gohan-kun!
gohan!
is goku...?
so, he's not back yet, huh?
they're here!
oh, hell. oh, hell.
they're landing over there!
it's unmistakable. that's freeza.
he's survived!
not only that...
there's definitely someone else there, besides freeza.
king cold-same, freeza-sama!
the landing sequence is complete.
listen up, guys! do not fly!
approach on foot, so they don't pick us up on their scouters.
are you 903f197.
yes!
just a second...
this freeza has a ki as unbelievably huge as that one?
it's not just that. it gets much, much stronger.
and you guys... fought against someone that strong?
you've gotta be kidding!
even if we get closer, what can we possibly do?
he's an unbelievably powerful beast!
and there's two of them!
there's nothing we can possibly do!
so what are you going to do?
stay here and rot? be my guest.
everyone knows there's nothing we can do.
shall i say it plainly for everyone?
this is the end of the earth.
so this is earth?
not a bad planet...
lam the super saiyan who has come here from earth in order to kill you.
i am son goku!
i am the greatest in all the universe!
i am freeza, emperor of the universe!
and so...
you...
you stinking monkey...
you must die at my hand!!
you...
must be...
must be...
killed by mel!
you damned fool!!
i can't... believe...
i was beaten by... that stinking monkey...
king cold-same, the planet namek has indeed been obliterated.
it appears to have been blown into a million pieces, destroying it.
under the circumstances, it appears that freeza-sama was lost as well.
i can't believe i lost freeza.
are you saying there is someone stronger than our clan,
famed as the strongest in the universe?
if such is the case, then i, cold, vow to squeeze the life right out of them!
what is this?
send a lifeboat! bring freeza back quickly!
curse you, monkey!
we'll be going to earth next, papa.
earth? why go to such a place?
so that we can kill the super saiyan.
what?!
i will take the unbearable pain of my body's injuries,
as well the pain to my damaged pride,
and return it to him many times over!
the earthlings don't matter to me,
but i'll be sure we snuff out the life of the super saiyan.
no matter what steps need to be taken.
the being with the greatest power in the universe...
must be from among our clan.
papa, if the two of us fight him together, we're sure to beat him.
what with my power-up and everything,
i may be able to take care of him by myself.
so, then, there are three hours before the super saiyan returns.
shall we wait for him, freeza?
of course we will, papa.
however, when he gets here, i want him to be mortified,
so we'll kill all the earthlings first.
there's a considerably large number of people here,
but three hours should be enough time.
take this, son goku!!
i've returned from the depths of hell itself to have my revenge on you!
damn.
i've just been brought back to life, and now i have to die again?
all right!
everyone spread out and kill off the earthlings here, one by one.
go'.!
can we help you with something, earthling?
i have come to kill you.
a mysterious young man suddenly appears to stand against freeza's forces.
who can he be? what of goku? and what of earth's fate?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
with three hours remaining before goku returns to earth,
the world meets with its greatest threat ever, in the form of a revived freeza.
shall i say it plainly for everyone?
this is the end of the earth.
all right!
everyone spread out and kill off the earthlings here, one by one.
yes!
however, just then...
can we help you with something, earthling?
i have come to kill you.
"freeza halved by a single stroke!! another super saiyan."
what did he just say?
i have come to kill you.
he said he's come to kill us, papa.
it sure must be nice to live in ignorance.
oh, i know you, all right.
you're freeza, aren't you?
there's no reason to be so surprised.
i know everything about you.
what an honor.
to think that my name is already known...
on a planet as far removed as this one.
unfortunately for you, you apparently haven't heard...
that i'm the most powerful being in the universe.
i also know that you are going to die here.
such irresponsible talk.
take care of him!
the rest of you go finish off the other earthlings.
hey, you guys! you're better off not taking such futile actions.
or else you guys will die here too.
kid, you're finished.
hey! hold on, he's all mine.
his battle power is only 5.
piece of scum.
this will hurt a bit, but just be patient.
it'll be over quickly.
why you rotten punk!
freeza-sama...
you're not so bad after all.
what? what's the matter, everyone?
all of a sudden, an incredibly large kiappeared...
and in an instant, a bunch of other ki vanished.
what in the world could be going on?
what do you guys mean?
what's happening over behind that mountain?!
impossible! this ki...
it's saiyan!
you do pretty well, don't you...
for an earthling, anyhow.
next, it's your turn.
this is a surprise. did you hear him, freeza?
i think he's going to try to kill us next.
this brat doesn't know his place.
how about i teach you an important lesson?
those who are only half as strong as they ought to be are the ones who die soonest.
you mean like yourself?
what did you say?!
having been reduced to that ridiculous form,
it must have taken a lot of nerve coming all the way to earth,
just so you could be killed.
you've got quite a mouth on you, kid.
papa, he needs to be punished.
i would say what he has cost you here already is worthy of death.
it's more than you deserve,
but i will serve as your executioner. you should be honored.
you two will be killed by me instantaneously. this i know.
this you know?
that's a rather unique expression.
come at me with everything you have, right from the start.
i won't go as easy on you as son goku did.
son goku?
that's the name of the super saiyan, papa.
i see now, so you're one of his friends?
i've never met him. i only know of him.
you only know of him?
you just got finished saying...
that you were going to kill off all the earthlings here,
before the super saiyan arrives, in order to mortify him.
that's exactly what i said. you're going to be one of them.
of course, since you've killed all my men, it means that i,
freeza will have to take matters into my own hands now.
such a miscalculation.
what do you mean?
i can purge the earth of all its vermin for you in the blink of an eye.
that's not what i meant!
your miscalculation, the one i'm speaking of...
is that son goku is not the one and only super saiyan,
but that there is also another one, right here.
what?!
well, this is a surprise!
i admire your ability to hold a bluff for so long!
it can't be!
what's this?
what kind of ki is this?!
what's going on?!
this is just like it was on namek!
it's father!
what?
it's the same ki that my father had back then!
that means...
a super saiyan? impossible!
there's another super saiyan, besides kakarrot?!
now there's two of them, and i'm not among them?!
this is a super saiyan?
those eyes!
those are the eyes!
what are you so frightened of?
burn in hell!
it's started!
damn!
don't fly!
i told you, they'll have scouters with them!
if we're discovered, we're finished!
if we want to get closer, we'll have to walk!
kuririn-san!
gohan, where is goku and what is he doing?
much as i hate to say it, there's not a thing we can do!
once goku finally returns, earth may not even be here, dammit!
vegeta, surely you can manage something?
shut up!
unless you want to get killed with the rest of us, go home now!
you managed to return safely from namek.
no matter how big an idiot you may be, you should know the situation!
idiot?
vegeta, you can't accuse bulma of being an idiot.
that's right, yamucha!
yeah!
she's just the world's biggest rubbernecker,
not to mention biggest shrew.
hold on! you're not being any help at all!
huh? oh, right!
i've had just about enough of you, yamucha.
and the rest of you, what's so funny?
that's probably the last laugh we'll ever have.
ah, hell.
hold up!
i can't believe they would just leave a lady behind like this!
bulma-san, let's go home now.
we've come so far, how can we leave now?
who do you think you're talking to?
i've been in scenes this dangerous many times before...
and i've managed to come through them every single time...
i'm bulma-sama!
so then, let's go!
hey, vegeta! take me with you!
you're on foot anyhow!
freeza, we won't be served if you destroy the planet.
this son goku guy won't be able to return.
i know that, papa. i didn't put everything i had into...
you can't afford to think...
so little of me as to ration out your power like that.
not since you're going to be killed by me.
why you smart-mouthed kid!
take this!
freeza!
the planet is going to crumble!
what?!
what's this?!
now what? huh? what's happening?
hey, what's going an?!
what kind of fight are they having?
not too bad.
freeza being alive was certainly unexpected,
but who could that young man be?
his power may be greater than even goku's.
i have absolutely no data on him.
at this point...
we'll just have to wait to see what turns up!
hey... why you, .
foolish freeza.
it looks as though your arrogant conceit is what will cost you your life.
a fight is something to be finished all at once.
well then, as you wish, let's finish this, all at once.
oh no!
freeza intends to blow him away, along with the whole planet!
that's ten times the energy he used to destroy the planet namek!
freeza! are you trying to obliterate the whole planet?
we can always finish son goku off in space!
what the...?
everyone! get down!
the planet's going to explode! freeza, let's go!
what's this?
what?!
impossible!
why aren't you dead?!
what's the matter? is this all you've got?
you did it, freeza!
looks as though he was no match for us after all.
i got in some good exercise before son goku showed up.
freeza 1!
you challenge me with such a low-level attack?!
what's this?
there's another super saiyan, in addition to goku?
who can this young man be, who so easily cut freeza clean in half?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
burning with vengeance against son goku,
freeza and his father, cold the great, arrived on earth.
however, a mysterious young man stood in their way.
son goku-san is not the one and only super saiyan...
meaning there is another one, right here.
burn in hell!
you did it, freeza.
looks as though he was no match for us after all.
freeza!
you expect such a low-level attack to...?
"heya!! it's been a while... son goku returns."
kuririn-san, over there!
there's no mistaking it, that was freeza just now!
it took him only a moment to take freeza apart!
what are you guys using to see with?
i'm surprised you could make that out at all!
anyhow, son-kun must have really gotten stronger.
he only needed a second to take care of freeza, right?
i guess he saved earth yet again!
that guy isn't goku.
but he does appear to be a super saiyan.
piccolo-sen!
i'm going too!
me too!
yeah, i'm going too!
hold on!
don't you leave me behind in a place like this!
this feels great!
not bad, are you?
that was wonderful, super saiyan.
even greater than i had imagined.
to think you were able to eliminate...
my son freeza in that brief instant...
how would you like to take freeza's place as my son?
having the greatest strength in the universe
makes you especially qualified to join my clan.
you will be able to do as you please, not only with this earth,
but with many other wonderful worlds.
i'm not interested.
i thought it was a good idea.
what a shame.
now then, that sword you have there,
it's a very nice sword indeed.
it sliced through the tempered body of freeza...
without the slightest difficulty, after all.
would you let me see it for a moment?
what's the matter?
are you afraid to hand your sword over to me?
i see, it has indeed been ground very well.
leaving that aside, the reason you were able to defeat freeza,
is because you had this sword.
don't you think so?
what is it you're trying to say?
it's a simple matter, really.
in short, without this sword, you cannot win against me!
apparently, it takes more than just the sword.
w-wait!
he's a... super saiyan all right!
spa-spare my life!
please!
spare my life!
i know, i'll give you one of my worlds!
no, i'll give you all the worlds in this system!
p-pl-please!
who in the world is that guy?!
he not only defeated freeza,
but that other brute with the huge ki, without any difficulty at all.
i'm now going to go greet son goku-san!
won't you come with me?!
what?
how come?
how come he knows about father?
this way.
shortly, son goku-san is due to arrive in this area.
just what is the story with this guy?
a super saiyan? him? don't be ridiculous!
there's no way there can be any other saiyans!
son goku-san will arrive in three hours.
please come with me.
i'm... i'm going to go with him!
now, hold on!
we don't know anything about him.
i'm going too.
he defeated freeza and his men, and knows about son goku.
i can't imagine he's all that bad.
besides that, i'm also curious.
i wonder if he's really planning on greeting son goku, like he says.
how do you think he knows? it's strange, huh?
i guess i'll go, and discover who this guy really is!
hey, wait a minute!
point five-seven-three mark one-eight-two-two-zero.
well, i guess this is it.
be careful, everyone! he's produced a strange object!
there's still some time before son goku-san arrives.
there's plenty here to drink. if you like, be my guest.
i'll take one.
me too!
hey, gohan!
i'll help myself, thank you. hmm, which one?
i don't remember us having this in our product line.
i'll take this one.
wow, delicious!
ah, you're right!
maybe i'll have one too.
yum! yeah!
have we met somewhere?
uh, no, not exactly.
how is it you know about father?
i've only heard stories about him. we've never met.
well then, how do you know that goku will land here in three hours?
that, uh...
forgive me, i cannot say.
what do you mean you can't say?
who exactly are you?
how did you come to have such power?
forgive me. that as well...
um, when you defeated freeza, you were a super saiyan, right?
yes, that's right.
cut the crap!
counting me and kakarrot... or son goku as he's known here on earth...
and that earthling half-breed kid there,
there aren't any saiyans left but us three!
therefore, there's no way you could be a saiyan!
but the fact remains, he really did become a super saiyan,
and defeated freeza.
on top of that, all saiyans are black-haired.
huh?
say, isn't that the trademark of my family's capsule corporation?
how come?
are you one of our employees?
that's not entirely true.
that's a secret too?
then are your name and age also a private matter?
i can't tell you my name, but i can say i'm 17 years old.
eh... 17.
not being able to tell us his name is a little strange.
yeah, there's no reason for him to keep that from us.
he's an odd one.
hey, let's cut out the questions, we're making him feel awkward.
after all, this kid saved us, and the earth as well.
right.
hey, chichi!
chichi!
wh-whatcha got there?
i bought it from a tv shop-at-home show.
it's the latest in study centers.
this is a somnioscholastic bed,
which lets you increase your knowledge while sleepin'.
besides that, there's this convenient portable
encyclopedia tape that comes with it.
now, both day and night,
i can make sure gohan keeps studyin' and studyin' and studyin' some more.
gohan! get home soon!
um, piccolo-sen?
i've been wanting to ask you for some time now...
what?
back a year ago,
when dende and the other namekians moved to their new planet,
why didn't you go along with them, piccolo-san?
there's no great reason.
i just wouldn't be able to put up with their dull, uninspiring lifestyle.
so even now, you're passing each day with your harsh training?
you might say that.
you know, vegeta's also gone all day long.
i'm sure he's off somewhere training hard.
yeah. i guess even now he's thinking of defeating goku.
that guy bears an incredibly high level of pride,
since he was the prince of all saiyans, i hear.
say, don't you think there's a resemblance?
what do you mean?
between that unusual boy and vegeta.
look, there's something about them.
i don't know, maybe there is something similar about them.
but i think their dispositions are completely different.
why have you been staring at me so for the last while?
if you really are a saiyan yourself,
i shouldn't be such a rare sight.
i'm sorry.
bothersome punk.
i suppose he...
might be someone son goku knew on some planet out in space.
that's not unthinkable, is it?
but he seems to be right at home here on earth.
well, like he said, if son goku really does show up here,
we should be able to unravel some of this mystery.
i wonder if goku really is coming.
s-sorry!
three hours have passed.
son goku-san should be landing any moment.
really?
it's true!
i feel it! i can feel his kfl.
hqi 3 qamin q!
there's something coming, that's for sure!
then, you mean what this boy said, about the time and location, was all accurate?
it's father! it's father's ki!
he's here!
over there!
wait! wait for me!
hold on!
down there!
huh?
welcome home, father!
goku!
you really are too much!
how come all you guys are here?
just as the young man said, son goku has returned home.
however, the mystery surrounding him has just grown more complex.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the mysterious youth who unexpectedly appeared was a super saiyan!
son goku-san should be landing any moment.
and, exactly where and when the young man predicted,
son goku returned!
huh?
goku!
father!
so, you really did survive.
what are you guys doing here?
"my dad is vegeta... admissions of the mysterious youth."
son-kun'.!
father!
goku! goku!
how did you guys know i was going to be arriving here now?
this boy here, this boy! he told us you'd be coming here.
father, you know this person, right?
who is he?
you mean you don't know who he is? not at all?
no, i don't know him at all.
this boy knew when you would return here, son-kun.
really? that's strange.
after freeza's spaceship discovered mine, they must have known when i would arrive.
speaking of which, who was it that defeated freeza and his men?
that was an awesome ki!
piccolo?
or maybe vegeta?
this guy here did freeza and the others in, and it only took a split second.
moreover...
he can become a super saiyan, the same as you.
a super saiyan?!
that's incredible, for being so young!
and i didn't even know there were any other saiyans besides ourselves.
there aren't! there are no other saiyans besides us!
there's no way there could be.
well, makes no difference. anyhow, you're a saiyan, right?
of course it makes a difference!
you're taking things as casually as you always do!
really?
son-san...
i need to have a word.
you mean with me? yes.
just the two of us.
gotcha.
what's this? you mean it's a secret from us?
'scuse us, guys, be back a minute!
this is far enough.
come to think of it, i've forgotten my manners.
sorry for making you knock off freeza and them for me.
guess i really did go too easy on him.
i should have polished him off for good back on namek.
freeza and his men...
were actually supposed to have been defeated by yourself,
but some kind of time discrepancy came up, making that impossible.
and so i had little choice but to step in.
yeah. freeza's ship was faster than mine and they passed me up.
he didn't seem at all sorry about what he'd done,
so i was going to put him away,
and then you showed up.
there were three hours until you got here,
so of course it was impossible for you to deal with him.
oh, not really.
i've gotten myself a new technique.
a new technique?
yeah. it's what's known as "lnstantaneous movement."
instantaneous movement?
the folks on a planet called yardrat taught it to me.
they were some unusual folks. not all that powerful,
but they did know all kinds of techniques.
i could have moved myself from inside the spaceship i was in...
to wherever freeza was in an instant.
is that so?
i wasn't aware that you had learned such a technique, son-san.
i was certain there was no way you could have arrived...
without your spaceship for that three hours.
i've changed history for no reason.
on top of that, i only meant to meet with you, son-san,
but instead i've run into everyone else as well.
history? what are you talking about?
before i answer, i have something to ask you.
son-san can you, of your own accord, become a super saiyan at will?
yeah. i couldn't at first,
but i struggled with it and managed to bring it under control.
then may i ask you to turn yourself, here and now?
it is my humble request.
what do you suppose father and he are talking about?
you got it.
what happened to son-kun? what's the matter?
he's turned into a super saiyan.
that's what a super saiyan is?
he's not even fighting, but what a kl'.
is this okay?
thank you very much.
it's amazing!
you look so much like i do as a super saiyan.
okay, now what?
i will also become a super saiyan.
that guy also turned into a super saiyan!
what are they planning to do?
dammit!
we really do look alike.
please excuse me.
why is it you did not avoid me?
your ki was not that of a killer.
i knew you would stop.
i see.
very well then, this time i will not stop.
do you understand?
got it.
just as i expected. the stories were true.
no, you're even better!
this is the sword i used to slice up freeza.
you just weren't trying your hardest.
i can put my trust in you.
i will tell you everything.
did you see that?
they're incredible!
kakarrot, you rat!
he's gotten even better.
please lock away what i am about to tell you within your heart alone.
okay. feel at ease to tell me anything.
my lips are sealed.
this may sound unbelievable to those of you in this era,
but i've traveled back from nearly twenty years...
in the future in a time machine.
from the future? twenty years?
yes. my name is trunks.
if you're wondering how it is i can have saiyan blood,
the reason is because i am the son of vegeta-san over there.
vegetak?!
are you really vegeta's son?!
yes.
there's a resemblance!
now that you say so, there is a resemblance!
he's you're pop, huh?
two years from now, i was born.
this is quite a surprise!
however, i didn't travel back in a time machine just to tell you that.
son-san, there are important things i must make you aware of.
in roughly three years from this time, on may 12, at around 10 a.m.,
on an island located 9 kilos southwest of metro south,
a terrifying pair of villains will appear.
they will be monsters, both possessing a power so great,
it will be unthinkable that they are of this world.
who are they? aliens?
no. they are born of earth.
they are artificial humans, sometimes called cyborgs.
they were created by a maniacal scientist, formerly of the red ribbon army,
named doctor gero.
red ribbon army?!
how long are those two planning on talking?
red ribbon army?
you mean the same red ribbon army i wiped out?
that's right.
the army itself was struck down many years ago by yourself.
however, doctor gero survived, and continued his research.
what did he do it for?
i mean, was he after world domination?
no one is really sure,
but i think doctor gero was after at least that much.
however, those artificial humans, built to be ultimate killing machines...
also killed their own creator, doctor gero.
in short, all that remained were the artificial humans,
who liked nothing better than causing death and destruction.
as a super saiyan, who took only a moment to beat freeza,
for you to describe them as monsters, must mean they're pretty tough.
yes.
i've stood up to them, but there's two of them, after all.
even one-on-one, it was all i could do just to escape them.
hold on, if there's two of them...
don't you have any allies?
no.
twenty years from now, lam the only warrior still alive.
in twenty years, i will be the only warrior to survive!
in the battle three years from now,
my dad vegeta, kuririn-san, yamucha-san,
tenshinhan-san, chaozu-san, and piccolo-sen, were all killed.
son gohan-san was just barely able to escape.
gohan-san served as my master, and taught me everything i know,
up until four years ago, when he, too, was...
as you are already aware of, with piccolo gone, the dragon balls also disappear,
so we were unable to bring anyone back to life.
as a result of the artificial humans...
taking so many lives to amuse themselves over the years,
the future that i come from is a living hell.
they're too strong! they're just too strong!
just a minute. what about me?
what happens to me? am i killed too?
you won't even fight.
in a short time, you will become very sick.
soon after, you will pass away.
it will be a viral infection of your heart.
not even a mighty super saiyan can win against this illness.
oh no, senzu won't have any effect on the illness either.
aw, crud, i'm going to die?
what a rip-off, i wanted to fight them!
shoot!
you're really that disappointed at not being able to fight?
aren't you afraid?
sure i'm scared, but these guys are incredibly strong, right?
i sure would like to give them a shot!
you certainly are a true saiyan warrior.
you're exactly how mom and gohan-san described you.
we can surely count on you. i'm glad i came!
when your symptoms first appear, please drink this.
what have you got?
it's medicine for you.
there is no treatment in this era,
but twenty years from now, we have a cure.
that medicine will allow you to make it through alive.
you mean it?! all right!
i wish you'd told me that a lot sooner!
it really isn't good for me to be doing this sort of thing.
it changes history.
but considering the history we'll be changing...
i believe that you will definitely manage to do something about all this.
my mom also hopes so, which allowed her to struggle through...
and finally complete her time machine.
hold on! your mom knows me?
yes, quite well.
and she built a time machine? don't tell me! your mom is...
yes, right over there.
b-bulma?!
how long are they going to yap?! this is ticking me off!
son-kun looks like he was bowled over by something!
this is the biggest surprise of all!
i thought for sure that bulma would take up with yamucha.
but instead, she goes with vegeta there!
yamucha-san was, well... something of a playboy,
and she got fed up with him and they split up, i understand.
what's wrong?
when she did, she saw how alone my dad seemed, and somehow,
before she realized what was happening...
however, they never married. that's just the way my mom is.
boy, i don't know.
but when it comes to that issue, it sounds just like her.
my dad died before i had any memories of him,
so i was quite moved to finally meet him a little while ago.
he's looking over here at something.
it looks like he's smiling a little.
now, please be sure to especially keep this matter a secret, okay?
if you say anything, and the feelings between the two of them go bad,
then my very existence will be erased!
yeah, i got it, i got it!
well then, i will excuse myself now.
i want to return to the future and reassure my mom as soon as i can.
sure. tell her i said thanks for saving my life.
it'll be nice if we can change the future, huh?
yes. knowing your strength, goku-san, has raised my hopes.
will we meet again?
i don't know.
it takes a long time to gather the energy necessary...
for the time machine to make a round trip.
if i'm still alive after that time has passed,
i will definitely come to help out!
three years from now.
be sure you survive. you've got yourself a good goal.
i'll be training as much as...
i can the next three years for the same reason.
hey, he took off out of there!
now what do i do?
how am i supposed to explain this to everyone?
father!
goku! what did he say?
um, well, it wasn't all that much.
start talking. this is an important matter for all of us, too.
piccolo, you overheard us?
my sense of hearing is a bit different from the rest of yours.
what does he mean, an important matter?
tell us!
um, you see...
if it's too hard for you to tell them, i'll do it for you.
yeah, but...
don't worry.
i won't say anything that will threaten his existence.
and we can't afford to let ourselves get killed...
because we didn't put in the due training.
"__l(i__" killed?!
piccolo told everyone what was to happen,
while skillfully leaving trunks' nature a mystery.
as might be expected, no one was able to conceal their shock.
isn't this all a little hard to swallow?
a time machine?
any of you who don't believe him, that's fine. enjoy yourselves.
but i'm going to train, because i don't want to die.
what's that?!
dad, you were strong, proud, stern, and lonesome, just as mom said.
please don't die.
young mom, you hang in there too.
he vanished!
i'm going to train.
me too.
i'm in too.
dammit, three years from now i am going to survive!
having delivered the hard truth, the mysterious young man departed.
will such a terrible pair really appear in three years?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
trunks, the youth who traveled back 20 years from the future in a time machine,
delivers some frightening news.
in three years from this time,
on an island about nine kilos from metro south,
a terrifying pair of villains will appear.
who are they? are they aliens?
they are monsters, both possessing a power so great,
it's unthinkable that they are of this world.
dad, please don't die.
young mom, you hang in there too.
and so, trunks returned home.
son goku and the others have resolved to defy history,
and prepare themselves for battle.
"goku's new finishing techniquel? watch my instantaneous movement."
kakarrot, tell us!
how did you survive planet namek?!
hey, that's right!
freeza's spaceship was all busted up, wasn't it?
even kaio-sama said there was no way you could survive.
i thought it was hopeless myself...
move it! move it!
it's exploding! namek is exploding!
dammit... dammit!
i thought i was really gonna bite the dust there.
but lucky for me, there were those ball-like spaceships nearby.
so that's it! the ships that the ginyu special corps came in!
anyhow, i got into one of them,
and started flipping every switch i could find.
crap! crap! crap!
gohan!
looks like i came down pretty hard.
i guess this isn't heaven, is it?
the ginyu corps were set to invade yardrat.
the ships were input with instructions to land there.
that explains it.
that outfit must be from the people of yardrat.
yeah. i made friends with them, and they gave it to me.
these clothes looks a little funny, but mine were all torn up.
i know you well enough!
you wouldn't go to yardrat and come back empty-handed.
those guys may not have much power, but they do employ some odd techniques!
you learned them, didn't you?!
bingo.
so that's it!
no wonder you didn't return to earth for so long.
so, tell us, what kind of techniques did you learn?
i didn't have much time, so i only learned one technique.
even so, i had to work really hard to get it down.
i can now perform "instantaneous movement."
instantaneous movement?!
really, son? show us!
you want to see? okay.
to do this, you have to bring to mind a person, rather than a place.
more precisely, you have to feel out that person's ki.
that means you can't go someplace where there aren't any people.
so then, where should i 90...?
got it!
bye-bye!
he disappeared!
so where's the "instantaneous movement"?
you're just trying to fool us by moving at super speeds.
ta-da! what are these here?
aren't those muten roshi-sama's sunglasses?!
he's right!
they're gone, gone!
my sunglasses are gone!
but we're over 10,000 kilos from the kame house! incredible!
must be the real thing then, huh?
kuririn, give these back to the old man when you see him.
you got it.
you can do anything now, can't you?
that's not true.
all right. well everyone,
let's meet up again in three years where this is supposed to happen.
when and where should we go in three years?
oh, that's right, he mentioned that.
i've already forgotten.
three years from now, on may 12, around 10 a.m.,
on an island nine kilos southwest of metro south.
we can get together at that island at 9 a.m., an hour earlier.
thank goodness!
boy, it's a good thing piccolo overheard you!
let me say now, that if any of you are unsure of yourselves, stay away.
our opponents this time are even more terrible than any before.
we won't be any match for them...
if we have one of our own slowing us down.
that's right. stay away!
don't make me laugh.
aren't you the least sure of yourself of anyone here?
what was that? should we find out?!
easy, easy-
hey, know what? i was just thinking.
what if we get rid of this doctor gero,
the one who creates the artificial humans, right now?
even if we don't know where he is,
we could use the dragon balls and ask shen long.
he'll be sure to tell us where he is.
if we do that,
then we won't have to bother going through all that agony in three years.
hey, yeah! that's right, bulma-san.
if we do so, we sure won't have to fight later!
great! way to go, bulma-san!
if you pull an uncalled-for stunt like that, i'll kill you! you got that?!
what do you mean uncalled-for? this isn't a game you know!
the fate of the earth is in the balance!
bulma-san! bulma-san!
son-kun, you agree with me, don't you?
sorry. to be honest, i want to fight them.
besides that, this scientist hasn't even built anything yet, how can we take him out?
the rest of you!
we don't have to go along with these saiyans!
they're just a race of fighting maniacs!
if you die this time, there's no bringing you back to life!
i'm going to fight too. i want to see what i'm capable of.
if i die, then i'll concede that that's all i could do.
well, i never!
bulma-san, this is the way i see it.
everyone here used to be enemies in the past.
for my part, i hated goku at first.
but when a terrible opponent appears,
there's no choice but for everyone to join forces.
as a result, without us realizing it, we've also become friends.
ordinarily, this type of thing wouldn't happen.
not with everyone as frighteningly powerful as they are.
what are you trying to say?
without the target provided by a common enemy,
even allowing that piccolo wouldn't make trouble,
we can pretty well guess that vegeta is going to lord it over us.
kuririn-san, you had such a good speech going there for a while.
you be quiet. i don't need any sass.
what i'm saying is the truth.
fine, i understand you.
you can all do what you want.
those city people caught in the crossfire will pay the price,
being as fragile as i am.
let's take back a peaceful future!
you're just like some kind of crazy dictator!
this time you're absolutely mistaken! it's abnormal!
there's nothing i can do about it,
so i'll keep associating with you for now.
well then, three years from now... um, may 12, 10 a.m. at that island.
we won't mind if you don't feel you're up to it.
kakarrot'.!
just because you can become a super saiyan, don't get too full of yourself!
i'm still going to beat the crap out of you some time.
don't you forget that i am still the number one saiyan!
right.
we're leaving too. see you in three years.
bye-bye.
chaozu, show up really strong now!
tenshinhan-san, come up with some incredible new techniques!
piccolo...
why don't you come train with me and gohan?
i want to spar and stuff.
sounds good, i was hoping to myself.
kuririn and yamucha, care to join us?
i'm fine. i'll be training at my own pace with muten roshi-sama.
i'll decline too.
quite honestly, i don't think i could keep up with your training.
okay then.
that's right! bulma!
have yourself a healthy baby!
baby? bulma-san, are you pregnant?
no, i'm not. what could he be jibbering about?
see, in other words...
he's saying why don't we finally get married, settle down and raise a happy family?
now even he's starting to say so!
and so, to prepare for the appearance of their fearsome foes in three years,
everyone departed for their respective training grounds.
muten roshi-sama'.!
kuririn, there was a ghost!
earlier, goku's ghost appeared and made off with my glasses!
huh? what are you doing with my glasses?
i wish to once again further my training...
now i can look without being worried.
um, i was thinking of restarting my training, you see... uh...
muten roshi-sama, my training!
build you a 300g gravity room, you say?
that's right!
i heard kakarrot trained under the force of 100g.
so i'm going to undergo triple that!
that's unheard of!
vegeta-kun, assuming you weigh 60 kilos now,
you'd end up weighing 18 tons!
i'm afraid it's out of the question.
build it! just build it for me!
i have had enough!!
you gotta be kiddin'!
goku-sa, how long are you gonna stand in gohan-chan's way before you're satisfied?!
i wanted to get gohan-chan to study even more,
so i bought that academic dresser center, and the somnioscholastic bed!
and now you want to take him trainin' with you to strengthen him up?!
you just butt out!
goku-sa, you can just train with piccolo by yourself!
but i already told you, we're going to need gohan's power too.
i understand about studying, but in three years,
earth itself is going to be in great danger.
you talk so big! goku-sa,
you never do any work, you can't take care of gohan-chan!
have you ever earned even a penny, in all the time we've been married?
when you say it that way, i'm sorry, but this isn't the time for that.
gohan's already made up his mind to fight with us.
no way! no way! nothin' you say will change my mind!
then, you think gohan's studying...
is more important than the future of the world?
that's right! of course it is!
it doesn't matter whatever else may happen!
gohan-chan's studyin' is more important than anythin'!
you're such a kidder!
sorry, chichi!
i've gotten too strong, and meant to just tap you!
i really am sorry.
i can't believe i let this happen.
it's all right! the woman always backs down eventually.
but three years from now, i'm going to be putting an end to his kung fu.
three more years, that's it!
so, even super saiyans have weaknesses.
and so, the harsh training begins all around...
ten-san...
ten-san, nicely done.
oh, this is great!
hey, kuririn! these are great!
hey, kuririn, why don't you come check this out?
let's go, gohan!
right!
too soft!
should we call it a day?
yeah.
pl-please, let me try a little longer.
i want to become stronger.
just like you two, father and piccolo-sen.
you there, stop looking elsewhere and start using the machine.
oh, right.
i guess using these machines won't serve as training.
i will surpass them!
i will surpass even the super saiyans!
the harsh training continues.
three years from now, who will defy their destiny and remain alive?
come on!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
dammit, three years from now i am going to survive!
in three years' time, a pair of incredibly terrifying, murderous machines will appear.
the warriors each resolve to train themselves anew
on the word of the young man who came from the future.
"i will overcome goku!! the king of the saiyan warrior race."
keep it up, yamucha-sama!
how can vegeta suddenly start training himself under 300-times gravity?
this is pretty severe.
at this very moment,
those terrible monsters might be being born somewhere.
just the thought of it is keeping me on edge.
bulma-chan! bulma-chan!
i've discovered a new cake store.
look! aren't they pretty?
well? don't they look yummy?
how nice for you, mama, not to have any worries.
bulma-chan,
lately you've been upset because yamucha-chan and vegeta-chan...
are too occupied with their training...
to be able to pay you any attention, huh?
of course not! don't make me laugh.
boy, that vegeta is one guy who sure likes to do crazy things.
not only is he crazy to be training under 300g of gravity,
but he keeps ordering new gadgets to train with,
and then breaks them right away.
he's got an aberrant fanaticism for battle.
dear, no! vegeta-chan is quite sharp!
mama!
you've said before you liked son-kun, but now you're saying vegeta?
my, my, goku-chan is sharp too!
but vegeta-chan has this well-moderated, stoic sense about him that i can't pass up.
not to mention that wide forehead of his is so individualistic and cute!
i know! some time your mama will have to take him out on a date!
it's no wonder this would happen, not with his dangerous mode of training.
vegeta?
he couldn't have...
you're alive?
of course i am!
what do you think you were doing?!
you came this close to wrecking my house!
vegeta!
y-you mind your own business, bothersome human slave!
how is this training?
you can't do anything in the shape you're in!
injuries such as these are nothing!
i'm the number one saiyan in the universe.
y-you'll see how i overcome kakarrot in no time!
right, right.
vegetables, carrots, whatever, it doesn't matter.
just do what i tell you now.
don't you tell me what to...
vegeta!
masenko'.!
father .
there!
what's wrong, gohan? your motions are too slow!
to get off like he did after such a major accident?
i'd have to say it's a miracle.
these saiyans really are something!
poor vegeta-chan!
kakarrot...
i-i will surpass you... i will surpass you! count on it!
kakarrot'.!
y-you're...
why?
why? why is it i can't reach them?!
why?!
why is it?
you are to become the king of the saiyans, the greatest fighting race in the universe.
as soon as we saiyans are born, our abilities as warriors are investigated.
the ones with the lower readings
are sent off to planets where they will not face great opponents.
those good-for-nothings!
but you, prince, your abilities were the highest of anyone's,
that of a super-elite saiyan!
you are certain to become the greatest saiyan in the universe!
in fact, you may even become a legendary super saiyan!
he's right. i am super-elite.
there's no reason i should be beneath lower class warriors like kakarrot!
i am the greatest saiyan in the universe!
pu-erh, we're going on a training journey.
okay!
hold on, vegeta!
do you think you're in any shape to be over-exerting yourself?!
you keep that up, and those injuries we're treating will never heal!
carping vermin. you really are a vulgar woman.
oh, look at that.
i'll tell you flat-out, you're not the type who's going to live that long.
you can't refute that, can you?
i don't suppose you can, since what i'm saying is the truth.
do you want to die in three years?
o-of course i'd rather live.
after all, i'm still a well-built, young, beautiful lady, you know.
in that case, shut up!
three years remain until the fearsome artificial humans...
who would plunge the earth into the depths of terror are to appear.
what kind of battle awaits goku and the others in the future?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
three years from this time, on may 12, at around 10 a.m.,
on an island located 9 kilos southwest of metro south,
a terrifying pair will appear.
they will be monsters, both possessing a power so great,
it will be unthinkable that they are of this world.
the fearsome enemies that trunks,
the youth from the future had told them about,
as well as his hellish future-it was for these reasons that goku, piccolo, vegeta,
and the other z warriors desperately continued their special training.
the artificial humans will appear in three years.
there is no time for the warriors to take off.
until one day...
"license mastery? goku's newest trial."
cut it out! i ain't all that tasty!
stop!
that cloud looks like old man turtle hermit.
father, look!
oh, you caught us a huge one there, gohan.
chichi's sure to be happy.
taking these breaks from training is useless!
that's the couple from the next mountain over.
mother, we're home!
i have a present for you.
welcome home, gohan-chan.
we sure worked up quite a sweat today.
gohan, wanna hop in the tub with me?
okay, father.
piccolo-sen, will you join us?
hey, chichi, we'll be in the tub.
i've had enough already!
this ain't even funny!
you don't make gohan-chan study,
and spend all day doin' nothin' but trainin' with piccolo!
as for me, i was just chased by a wild boar,
and had a real terrible time of it!
yet with you, goku-sa, you play all ya want without any fuss!
you know, sometimes i see the husband from the next mountain over,
an' how they have a nice air car they use for fetchin' their shoppin' in!
but we don't have that kind of car, and even so, i ain't got a license.
so, you can just get one!
these days i bet you're the only one who don't have a single license, goku-sa!
piccolo ain't got one.
you expect i would have such a thing?!
so then, starting tomorrow,
you both are goin' to the driving institute in town and learnin'!
it'll be a good chance for you two to expand your knowledge of the world.
wh-what?!
h-hold on, chichi, this is so sudden!
no more discussin' it!
startin' tomorrow, you two are takin' a break from trainin',
and you're gonna start goin' to the institute!
if you don't, neither of you get anythin' to eat!
you got that?!
so this is the institute that chichi was talking about?
i don't see why you had to bring me into this.
sorry, sorry. the truth just kind of slipped out.
let's just get our licenses quick and go back to training.
well, i suppose that's the only way.
you know, the power of that earthling,
silencing the strongest man in the universe, is formidable.
which one of you is goku-san, then?
that's me.
you will be under my supervision.
i hope you will treat me well...
whoa, whoa, whoa, are you okay, old timer?
i'm fine, i'm fine! this happens all the time, after all.
then you must be piccolo-sen, whom i will be supervising, right?
so now, i will first demonstrate what it is to drive,
so please watch carefully.
i'm supposed to learn driving from this chatterbox?
don't forget your seatbelt.
dammit...
what?!
here we go!
open your eyes wide and watch closely!
wh-what is the deal with this woman?!
what incredible speed...
well, why don't we get going too...
forgive me, but son-san, wasn't it?
could i get you to open my door?
vegeta-chan hasn't shown himself around here lately.
mama misses him.
for some reason, he seems to be staying overnight inside the spaceship.
you know, those saiyans have such wonderfully tough bodies.
lately, he's been training under a gravity of 400g.
he can do that because he's a deviant maniac for battle.
damn. you just watch this, kakarrot!
i wonder how father and piccolo-sen are doing.
gohan-chan!
how admirable, gohan-chan!
you've been studyin' hard all along, right?
thanks to goku-sa and piccolo, you've gotten so far behind, you know?
while those nuisances are out of our way,
study up as much as ya can!
you're tickling me, haiya dragon!
i've got an idea!
nicely done, piccolo-san.
okay, try pulling out again.
why don't you hurry and get going?
i've forgotten how to make it go.
not again! you know, in my 70 years as an instructor,
you're the only one to have a memory this poor.
sorry, old timer.
try stepping on the accelerator.
akuseru?
no, i took a bath before i came.
no, not asekusai, the accelerator! [asekusai: smells of sweat]
there's a pedal under your right foot, see?
that's the accelerator. next to it is the brake.
how long before you finally remember this?
so that's it.
wh-what?!
i made a mistake!
what are you doing?
right now we're supposed to be backing! backing!
that's what i meant to do!
the brake! step on the brake!
let's see, the brake is on the left, so...
cut in the steering handle!
cut in the handle!
a-are you sure?
of course i am! hurry up!
i cut it!
it's going to take you about three years to get your license.
but i ain't got that much time!
see, if i don't train, then the artificial humans will...
idiot.
over there, haiya dragon!
ready? go forward. forward.
right! leave it to me!
all right, now press it down little by little...
yahoo! i actually made it move forward!
didn't i tell you just a little bit?
goku! are you trying to compete against me?!
fine! i'm not losing to the likes of you!
that's the way, piccolo-sen!
father!
you have quite a talent for this, piccolo-san.
what?!
hang on...
these air cars sure are dangerous.
very well, today we'll start teaching you on public roads.
if you start driving recklessly like you were earlier, we will immediately expel you.
you can't possibly get your license, and i'm going to treat you as such.
see here! don't take your hands off the steering handle!
minus one point.
just a second now...
you mustn't look to the side!
looking sideways is minus two points.
you're kidding!
you can't stop suddenly like that!
what about the people following after you?
that's minus ten points!
i'm leaving this to you, piccolo!
thank you, mister! good-bye!
see ya!
sorry, old timer!
we didn't mean to slip out in the middle of our practice like this.
huh? looks like i just can't manage whatever it takes for driving.
maybe i don't have the talent.
how can you say that?
so, you mean you'll let us continue our practice?
you were marvelous! marvelous!
i am so impressed by what you did!
really? well, let's get our practice going again right away, old timer!
out of the question.
there's nothing we can teach to you!
what?
s-so, our licenses?
what are you joking about?
with the power you two have, you don't need licenses, do you?
it's the truth!
what did you say?!
you didn't get your license?!
n-no.
mother!
chichi! are you okay?
and so, in no time at all, three years had passed.
gohan-chan, goku-sa, piccolo-sen, you all be careful!
you're sure you don't wanna take lunch with you?
n-no, thank you.
thanks anyway.
well, let's go.
because of the artificial humans, the future i live in is a hellish world.
too strong... they're too strong!
finally, the time for battle had come. we're counting on you, goku!
we're counting on you, super warriors!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
three years from now, on may 12, at around 10:00 a.m.,
on an island 9 kilos southeast of metro south,
a pair of artificial humans will appear,
and plunge the world into the depths of terror.
so says the mysterious young man trunks, before returning into the future.
in preparation for the upcoming conflict,
goku and the others begin their intense training.
and then, three years later, the dreadful day of destiny finally arrives.
what kind of battle awaits goku and friends?
"murderers who leave no trace... which ones are the artificial humans!?"
hey, gohan!
you don't have to fly yourself all out like that, we'll get there in time!
you're going to use all your strength before the fight even starts!
okay!
son goku, how about it?
in your honest opinion, against these new foes...
do you think we can win?
there's no way to know without seeing them first.
i'll tell you once we get started.
how nice for you to be so carefree.
i'm sure i can beat these artificial humans...
but i can't shake this terrible foreboding feeling i have.
terrible foreboding?
piccolo, do me a favor, if things get rough on you, don't overdo it.
after all, if you die, the dragon balls will disappear too.
father, look! it's kuririn-san!
kuririn-san!
look how big you're getting, gohan!
hey!
hey... what's the matter, kuririn?
after all this time, aren't you excited to see us?
we're just about to wage the fight of our lives against horrible monsters.
how can you expect me to be cheery?
i'm not a super saiyan, you know.
about nine kilos southwest of metro south...
there it is! that island there!
this is a pretty big island.
yeah. this is bad.
there's a relatively large city down there.
if we can't lure the artificial humans away from here,
the people down there will likely become casualties of our fight.
you're right.
i can feel a pair of large ki over on that mountain.
that's probably yamucha and the others.
right, let's go!
it's them, all right, goku's group!
hey, there!
hey!
we've been waiting for you. you guys are a little late.
bulma!
bulma-san!
yoo-hoo! wow, look how tall you are now, gohan-kun!
i don't believe it! what are you doing here?
observing, of course!
it'll be all right.
i just want a quick look at the artificial humans, then i'll go back.
never mind that,
i'm more surprised by what you've got in your arms there, bulma-san.
you've gotten married, right? you and yamucha-san.
he isn't my kid.
we broke up some time ago.
you'll be shocked when you hear whose kid that is.
your daddy is vegeta, huh, trunks?
how did you know that?
i wanted to surprise everyone here, so i didn't contact any of you!
uh, yeah, i just sort of had a hunch, you know?
i mean, his face does kind of look like vegeta's.
you even guessed his name!
wow, really? incredible!
i wonder if i have psychic abilities.
that's really vegeta's child?
so where is vegeta, anyhow? i don't see him around.
well, i don't know. we haven't been living together.
he'll probably be here before long, though.
he's apparently gone through a lot of training to prepare for this day.
oh, he'll come. he'll come for sure.
as far as chaozu goes, i left him behind this time.
frankly, he's not up to this kind of fight.
so, what time is it now?
let's see, it's 9:30.
they'll show themselves in another thirty minutes or so.
you really should go back now, while you still can.
especially since you've got that baby with you!
like i said, once i get a peek at the artificial humans, i'll go back.
so, thirty more minutes.
hey, trunks!
tr u n ks-chan!
i've made you another toy! huh?
don't tell me bulma's taken him to show off around the neighborhood again?
i swear, there's just no helping someone like her.
on the other hand, he's such a cute grandson!
who can blame her?
boy, is he going to be surprised when i show him this!
googly-googly-goo!
say, kuririn-san, you give it a try!
who, me?
i wonder what kind of face should i pull?
ahem, i haven't done anything yet.
there's someone headed this way.
they aren't malicious.
maybe it's vegeta-san.
nah, he is malicious.
ah, there they are, there!
yajirobe!
i'm glad i got here in time.
have you come to fight too?
here. i'm droppin' off these senzu karin-same sent yas.
my hero! you can always count on karin-same!
well, besta luck to yas.
yajirobe, you're fighting too, ain't you?
see now, i ain't like the resta you idiots,
'cuz i don't wanna die.
don't tell me ya expected me to hang around with y'all.
don't you guys find it a little strange?
it's well past 10 o'clock now,
yet we still haven't felt any sign of our opponents.
now that you mention it...
you don't suppose what he told us isn't true, do you?
i mean, artificial humans! come on!
well, he did say it was around 10 o'clock.
it's only 10:17 now, so it's too early to tell for sure.
yeah, but figure, we're not sensing any strong ki.
if they're really all that strong,
we should be able to sense them anywhere on earth.
what happened?!
it's yajirobe!
look! there's someone there! they attacked him!
they've descended into the city!
where did they go?!
did you see them, goku?
no! i didn't see what they looked like!
how can it be?
i didn't sense any ki at all!
it's because they're artificial humans!
they don't have kl'.
they what?!
where are they?! where did they go?!
damn.
if we can't sense their ki, we'll just have to search them out visually.
all right. let's split up and find them.
bulma, hang on to these!
remember now, don't get in over your heads.
once you find them, let the rest of us know immediately!
gohan, you look after yajirobe.
he should still be alive.
right!
let's go!!
shoot! where are they?! where did they go?!
i wish i'd had trunks show me a photo of them or something.
dammit, man. where are they?!
he-he flew here!
that's not them.
them either.
hey, have you seen anyone out of the ordinary? y-yeah!
what?!
you!
are you okay?
who were them guys?
are those guys really here somewhere?
hey, look at that. it fell into the ocean.
hey, did you fellas see it too?
a sky car just blew up!
did you see it?
what's the matter?
hey you, get out of my way!
i said move it!
stupid clod, what do you think you're doing in the middle of the stree...?
a scream!
a human with an abnormally high energy level is approaching.
could my search system be malfunctioning?
it is not a malfunction, no. 20. i am tracking the same energy.
but this reading is far beyond our data for a normal person.
we've found him already. it is son goku.
it came from around here.
where are they? where have they gone?
(he)', you there!
you two!
who was it that killed these people?
did you see anything?
yeah, there were two strange guys... right, they were there just a second ago, but they disappeared.
they disappeared?
damn.
in any case, i'd better call everyone.
no, it is not son goku.
there is no exact data match.
there is a 96 percent probability that this is the human yamucha.
in any event, we can take a great deal of energy from him.
but without those guys here, what's the point in calling everyone in?
i don't suppose you guys saw anything?
like where those two murderers ran off to?
don't tell me...
we're them.
everybody!
what's that?!
m-my power...
finally, the attack of the artificial humans,
whose only purpose is that of mass slaughter, has begun.
what will be the fate of yamucha, their first victim?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
just as trunks had foretold,
the artificial humans no. 19 and no. 20 have appeared.
e-everybody!
m-my power...
and so, the first casualty of their massacre is yamucha.
is this the terrible power of the artificial humans?
"the cold-blooded no. 20's hideous atrocitiesl! goku's super transformation of anger."
there's a large kiin distress, and it's growing smaller! whose is it?
is that yamucha-san?
they've shown themselves!
yamucha!
aw, damn.
kuririn, yamucha is still alive.
i left the senzu back where we were earlier.
take him there and feed him one.
you got it.
we're counting on you, kuririn!
yeah.
so you're the artificial humans?
about time you showed your faces.
strange. how did you know we were artificial humans?
what's more...
you seemed to know we would be appearing here on this island.
why don't you tell me how you knew?
well now, how about you try to force the answers out of us?
that we will.
wait! there'll be too many casualties here!
let's relocate to someplace where nobody's around!
you guys okay with that?
someplace where no one else is?
very well.
however, we need not trouble ourselves with relocating.
stop it!!
what was that? what's happened?
it's them. they did this.
how awful!
mommy!
why you...
i thought i would make us a place where no one else was around.
apparently you still don't like it here.
come with me!
i'm going to smash the both of you!!
you cannot defeat us.
dammit!
very well. we will follow you.
choose the place you wish to die, son goku.
how did you know goku's name?
we know who you are as well.
piccolo and tenshinhan, isn't it?
we'll talk about this later.
let's go!
it's father, and the others!
and those two guys are with them.
what?
i get it, they must be changing locations.
this is bad! i've got to warn goku!
those guys suck the power out of you!
oh, yeah!
this is a special newscast.
we've just received word that the city on amembo island, nine kilos southwest of metro south...
has been attacked by an unknown party, and has in large part been leveled.
he said southwest of metro south, right?
that's where ten-san went!
so then... they've actually appeared.
artificial humans from the red ribbon army.
currently there is no communication with the city,
and there is concern for the safety of its inhabitants.
ten-san'.!
hey, there's nothing to worry about.
this time goku's been there from the start.
this is sure to be an easy victory for them, you know.
that's right! goku is a super saiyan, the strongest warrior in the universe!
yeah, you're right.
goku, we're all counting on you.
yamucha-san, you say they can suck out your power?
yeah. i don't know how they do it,
but just by him grabbing me, i could feel my power rapidly fading.
if that's right, then doctor gero has invented quite a fearsome device.
this is terrible! we have to hurry and go warn father and the others!
to be honest, i don't even want to go.
i want nothing to do with it.
after all, i was helpless to stop them from nearly killing me!
gohan!
yamucha-san, i'm going. i have to take them the senzu.
you guys! none of you understand...
how terrible these artificial humans are!
dammit! i'm not going to do anything!
i'm just going to watch now!
heh. whatta fool he is.
say, aren't you going?
of course i ain't goin'.
"ain't goin" '? aren't you supposed to be pretty strong too?
at a time like this, we need as many guys as we can get!
your friends, the earth, everything's caught in this pinch.
yeah, prob'ly.
iiyeahl.
you don't care about anything at all! how very shabby!
i can't fly, y'know.
sorry.
enough is enough, son goku!
how far were you thinking of going?
right here is fine. i'm making this the spot.
you have no claim over us to choose the location.
a tableland, but surrounded on all sides by rocks.
if it becomes necessary, they figure they can fight us while hiding among the rocks.
these guys have thought this out.
so, before we start fighting, tell us how you know so much about us.
what's going on? goku's out of breath.
all we've done so far is fly here.
why is that?
very well, i'll tell you.
afterward, you'll probably wish you hadn't asked.
son goku, you've been under constant surveillance,
through the use of miniature, grub-like spy robots.
during the tenkaichi martial arts tournaments...
as well as your battles with piccolo and vegeta.
the research has been ongoing from the time you destroyed the red ribbon army.
how could son goku be defeated?
what kind of artificial human would be necessary?
this was to get even with me?
yes it was.
because of you, the red ribbon army's dream of world conquest was shattered,
and only doctor gero remained.
the way you say that, it almost sounds as if you were doctor gero himself.
don't be absurd.
i am no. 20, an artificial human constructed by doctor gero.
doctor gero has died, and is no longer of this world.
i see. so did you guys spy on me during the fight on the planet namek as well?
there was no need. after your fight with vegeta,
we had a complete knowledge of your strengths and abilities.
of course, should you become more powerful still,
taking into account your age...
it was calculated that there could be no more tremendous increases in your power.
this is bad!
looks as though no one's started fighting yet, and everyone is still suppressing their ki.
we'll never find them like this!
where are you?! where are you?!
it looks as though you've failed...
to investigate the most important thing about me.
you guys lose!
what?
it will cost you your lives not to have known about the super saiyan.
super saiyan?
this way!
what an incredible ki!
can his power really be this great?
you two stay out of this.
it would appear i'm the one they want most, after all.
you certainly have achieved quite an increase in power.
no. 20, this seems to be a technique different from the kaio-ken.
it's an unusual technique.
these readings are far higher than what was calculated.
however, it is still not enough to overpower us.
to say nothing of myself,
at your level, it is unlikely you could defeat even no. 19.
oh really? well, why don't i have you show me this strength right now?
the day of battle at long last arrives.
however, even as they face a goku who has turned super saiyan...
what do these surprisingly at-ease artificial humans have planned?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
as the mysterious youth trunks had forewarned,
the machines of mass destruction,
artificial humans no. 19 and no. 20,
had appeared, and the time for battle has arrived.
it looks as though you've failed to investigate the most important thing about me.
you guys lose!
you certainly have achieved quite an increase in power.
however, it is still not enough to overpower us.
to say nothing of myself,
at your level, it is unlikely you could defeat even no. 19.
oh really? well, why don't i have you show me this strength right now?
"goku's double-shock!! caught between illness and adversary."
way to go, goku!
ooh, nice...
awesome!
i hope everyone's okay.
hi! is kurin-chan there?
kurin-chan, it's me!
oh, if it isn't maron-chan!
say, where's kurin-chan?
there's nothing like the real thing...
oh, yeah!
how's about a pafu-pafu or a tsun-tsun?
maron finally realized something.
once i lost true love, i understood it...
the only one i ever truly loved...
was kurin-chan.
kurin-chan'.!
kurin-chan...
kurin-chan, where are you?
kurin-chan, where are you?!
kurin-chan... kurin-chan...
where are you?
uh, kuririn-san is currently in a battle to defeat the people...
created by the last of the red ribbon army.
red ribbon? oh, i get it!
kurin-chan is going to give me the red ribbon as a present, isn't he?
and if things were to continue that way,
the earth's future would be all messed up, see?
that's what the boy...
who came back from the future world in the time capsule told us.
in order to save the earth from this crisis, kuririn has...
gone off to fight these people that were created by a survivor of the red ribbon...
maron doesn't get any of this.
well, why don't we let someone of my age and wisdom explain it to you.
see now, do you know what the red ribbon army was?
what was the red ribbon?
aah, you naughty old turtle man!
this all has to do with a time when goku was still a child.
goku had gone on a journey to both train himself and search for the dragon balls.
at that time,
there was this terrible military outfit calling themselves the red ribbon army,
who were determined to conquer the world.
their boss, commander red,
was gathering the dragon balls to serve his evil purposes.
goku fought successively...
against a number of red ribbon operatives who attacked him.
i took his face off! have i done something bad?
and then, goku attacked the red ribbon's headquarters all by himself!
and that's how the red ribbon army was vanquished.
at least, everyone thought they were vanquished.
but there was someone who had survived.
doctor gero, a maniacal scientist,
secretly continued his research even after the fall of the red ribbon army.
as such, he created these artificial humans,
whose only desires were to kill and destroy,
intending for them to be the ultimate murder weapon.
those artificial humans are now running amuck.
so now kuririn is assisting son goku and his other friends...
in the fight against those artificial humans on that southern island.
do you understand now, little lady?
maron doesn't get it at all.
i feel it! what an incredibly large ki!
it's father's ki.
right. but there's only one.
i guess we really can't sense any ki from the artificial humans.
incredible. such strength! so that's a super saiyan?
it's a whole different dimension from the rest of us. far different.
i'm not so sure...
his increase in power is much greater than our data forecasted.
this can't be happening.
this isn't good! at this rate, no. 19 will expend all of his energy...
before he can steal any additional power!
there they are!
okay!
father!
don't worry, goku's strength is incredible!
especially as a super saiyan.
incredible! goku sure is strong!
really. maybe i was wrong about them being able to drain one's energy.
have you noticed it too, gohan?
yes.
son goku is rushing this fight for some reason.
he's acting as if he's already near his full power.
so why is he making such a mess of things?!
mess of things? mess of things? what are you saying?
goku's got him completely at his mercy.
this is nothing! as a super saiyan, goku should be much more powerful!
um, yamucha-san says...
that those artificial humans are able to absorb energy.
could that be the reason?
what? they absorb energy?!
yeah. i had my face grabbed by one of them.
then, without anyone doing anything,
it felt like my ki was being sucked out.
he did it!
you did it, goku! he did it, he did it! yeah!
attaboy, goku! not bad at all!
look at him! even after that kind of beating,
he acts like nothing's happened!
he's an artificial human.
he probably doesn't feel pain or fatigue.
dammit!
all right!
he absorbed it.
i was right after all! those guys' hands...
son! don't shoot any more ki blasts!
these guys seem to be able to absorb ki through their hands!
don't let them grab onto you either! got that?
he can take my k1"?
they've got to be kidding!
hey, there's something the matter with goku.
has he already had that much ki taken from him?
no, he couldn't have had any energy taken directly from him so far.
good! that blast has allowed no. 19 to store up a great deal of power!
on the other hand, the amount of power goku is able to use at once is falling!
this is our chance! go, no. 19!
don't shoot, goku!
father .
damn...
hey, he really looks like he's struggling.
he must have had his kidrained from him.
i knew it! father is sick! it's his heart!
what? his heart?
you mean like that guy from the future was saying,
a viral infection of his heart?!
goku!
goku's condition is out of the ordinary.
have the symptoms of a viral heart infection...
finally begun to undermine his physical condition?
will goku indeed be able to defeat these cruel,
fully-powered artificial humans?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the super saiyan son goku and the artificial human no. 19 finally come to blows.
however, there is something physically wrong with goku.
what could be happening?
i knew it! father is sick! it's his heart!
what? his heart?!
you mean like that guy from the future was saying,
a viral infection of his heart?!
"the might of vegeta! the blood of a super saiyan awakens."
just a minute. what happens to me? am i killed too?
in a short time, you will become very sick.
soon after, you will pass away.
it will be a viral infection of your heart.
not even a mighty super saiyan can win against this illness.
oh no, senzu won't have any effect on the illness either.
aw, crud!
when your symptoms first appear, take this.
what have you got?
it's medicine for you.
there is no treatment in this era, but twenty years from now, we have a cure.
that medicine will allow you to make it through alive.
gohan, stop kidding around.
that special medicine of his must have cured his heart virus a long time ago.
goku's just had his ki sucked out of him by those guys.
such pain! what's going on? what's wrong with me?
goku! here's a senzu! take it!
thank you.
this will see me through.
so that's a senzu, capable of healing great injuries and restoring energy, is it?
judging by the fact that he was all but dead,
but is back here among us now, they must be for real.
the senzu had no effect!
it has to be his heart!
how could it be?
didn't he take the medicine to cure himself?
he never got sick.
he's been healthy the whole time, so he never took the medicine!
father!
now he's no longer super saiyan!
how can this be?
this is bad! goku's having his energy drained from him!
you cannot proceed one centimeter further than this.
do you want to try it?
i will.
piccolo-sen!
so fast! he's unbelievably quick!
i can't call piccolo's actions just now brave.
he was only being a reckless fool.
at this rate, son will soon be...
it is my task to defeat kakarrot.
you flea market mannequins have no place in this.
vegeta!
veg eta-san!
did you say vegeta?
piccolo-sen!
here i am doing a lousy job acting hurt...
just so i can save goku when they aren't looking...
then vegeta, you had to butt in where you weren't wanted!
piccolo-sen, you mean...
no matter how strong those guys may say they are,
i won't be defeated by an attack such as that one.
i saw everything.
even realizing there was something wrong with yourself,
you went ahead and turned super saiyan.
you idiot!
doing something like that only assures the disease will progress that much faster!
my life's goal, no matter how long it takes, is in you, kakarrot.
father!
stay with us, father!
goku!
are you all right, son?
hey, goku, hang on now!
someone get kakarrot out of here,
take him home and give him that medicine he received back then!
father! i'm going to take you home now!
no, i'll go.
it's pathetic of me to say so,
but i'm the least use to anyone around here.
this heart disease was said to be viral in nature.
it may be contagious, so you should take a little of that medicine yourself.
yeah.
please be careful, yamucha-san.
so, get going!
well, everyone, hang in there!
i'll be back, i promise.
goku! get better soon!
no. 19, let him go!
there's something to be said for saving the best for last.
let us take care of these other annoying insects first.
now that vegeta has joined in, it should prove somewhat entertaining.
lookie lookie lookie, they call me yajirobe!
you're much more a family man than i would have guessed.
sure. you'd make a good papa for someone.
up high, up high, up high, up high!
looks like he's wet himself again.
okay now, okay now...
uh oh, i didn't bring anything else to wrap you up in.
now what do we do?
now we're stuck. if only there was something else we could use...
good, everything's okay now.
you really saved us!
we can always count on you, yajirobe-kun!
leave me outta this.
now then, let's go!
where to?
isn't it obvious? after coming this far,
i'm not going home without a good look at those fearsome artificial humans.
well, i ain't goin'.
hey, you, how can you just sit there and silently watch a helpless lady
and her little baby head off into an area of danger?
you don't suppose he's chicken, do you trunks-chan?
well, hurry and get in!
we're just goin' to watch, now.
sean's we see 'em, we head home, 'kay?
i got it already. hurry up and get in!
blast-off!
hey, gohan, don't you think it might be better if we pulled out?
what?
no, seriously. didn't that boy from the future tell us this would happen?
goku would be stricken with a disease,
and all the rest of us, even vegeta, would be killed by these artificial humans.
some of the circumstances may have changed,
but isn't everything still just as he warned us?
but if we run now...
these guys will destroy the whole earth, just like they did that city earlier, i'm sure of it!
i'm saying, just until goku recovers from his illness...
there's no reason to still think that we will all be wiped out, like he said.
look at how the time of goku's predicted sickness was way off, for example.
it's likely that his coming here has generated subtle changes in history.
history has changed?
that doesn't make these guys any less fearsome, does it?
no. 20...
if you please, allow me to finish off vegeta.
selfish pest!
after you've already taken so much energy from goku,
raising your own absolute power?
oh, very well.
in exchange, i will take all four remaining others.
yes.
i've watched all of your little moves up until now, and i've got you figured out.
you guys aren't the terrible punks you've been made out to be.
apparently you draw energy out through your palms;
that's all i need to watch out for.
you may have been observing us all this time,
but there's one important thing you haven't heard yet.
vegeta, i know everything there is to know about your own fighting style.
so yo u say,
but when goku turned super saiyan, you had a look of surprise on your faces.
in other words,
your data from the time before our fight with freeza up until now is mere conjecture.
you can't rely on calculations for understanding.
not when it comes to the power of us saiyans.
there's something i want to know.
do even you artificial humans tremble with fear?
what?!
him too?
v-vegeta-san also turned into a super saiyan!
how can that be? how could he be a super saiyan?
i thought if you didn't have a calm, still heart,
you couldn't become a super saiyan.
my heart was calm and still. still and pure.
however, it was purely evil.
the only thing i desired was to grow stronger.
i put myself through much fierce training!
damn...
the time came when i realized i was at my limit.
i'll never surpass kakarrot like this!
and then, from the anger i felt toward myself,
the super saiyan within me suddenly awoke!
i was left shaking from the joy it gave me.
finally i had overcome kakarrot,
and the time for me to return as prince of the saiyans had come!
that's enough of your rambling.
you may have changed yourself,
but you are still no match for us artificial humans.
just like son goku before you.
at length, vegeta has become a super saiyan.
has vegeta really surpassed goku?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
right in the middle of his battle with the terrifying artificial humans,
goku is assaulted by the symptoms of his heart ailment.
goku was in an absolute pinch.
it was vegeta who came to goku's aid.
at length, vegeta had become a legendary super saiyan as well.
i was left shaking from the joy it gave me.
i had overcome kakarrot,
and the time had come for me to return as prince of the saiyans!
regardless of what you may have changed yourself into,
you are still no match for us artificial humans.
"no. 20's defiant smile... the secret of doctor gero."
yeah, i guess that's about the level you'd be.
i failed to mention something...
when we become super saiyans, our ferocity increases somewhat.
we become lightly over-excited.
you guys don't feel pain, do you?
how lucky for you.
so strong!
what's wrong?
have your rummage sale puppet calculations gone awry?
well, weren't you put together well?
is that blood there? or is it oil?
i've got you!
i won't let go until i've absorbed all of your energy!
oh, no!
kicking won't do any good. i absolutely will not let go.
absolutely, you say?
don't you let go!
goku, it's okay.
everyone else will take care of those guys.
we will change history.
sure enough.
you guys really do suck energy out through your hands.
then you take that energy and add it to your own.
you expect me to let go?
you absolutely will not let go of me.
absolutely not!
so then, this is the area on your palms...
that you used to absorb your energy, is it?
i've had quite a bit drawn out of me,
but i figure you won't be doing that any more.
you feel fear, do you,
even though you're an artificial human?
why, you...
not so fast!
after i'm finished with him,
then i can take all the time i need against you!
what is it?!
take this!
it's super vegeta's big bang attack!
huh? what's that smoke there?
i know!
that island must be where everyone is fighting the artificial humans!
hey! don' tell me yer fixin' to take us down to that island?
naturally, of course i am.
you idiot! don' you dare!
what do you think you're doing? cut that out!
with all this shouting, you've made him cry!
when that baby gets in a bad mood, he tends to wet himself, so watch out!
fool! i'm tellin' ya to turn back!
we certainly appear to have miscalculated.
but, as before, there is no possibility of you coming out victorious.
i've been considerably drained of energy by that other one.
if you're going to beat me, now is your chance.
bring it on.
does he... have some sort of strategy here?
you were ranting to yourself just now, weren't you?
about how we have absolutely no chance for victory?
i can't say i feel the same way. what did you mean by that?
i meant that no matter how unimaginably strong you may have become,
it still is not enough to defeat the artificial humans.
so it's nothing more than you being a poor loser then, is it?
he-he's running away!
he's planning on hiding himself in those rocks!
hey, kuririn!
give me one of those senzu!
eh?
but...
hurry it "p!
do you want him to get away?
give it to him, kuririn.
all right.
here!
could you have made that any less snappy? you stupid idiot!
all right!
you guys go on home...
and have yourselves a relaxing glass of milk or whatever.
just stay out of my way!
damn him! where does he get off telling us to go drink milk?!
he actually allowed himself to lose quite a bit of his power.
he purposely let the fight go on long enough to confirm...
that the artificial humans draw in energy through their palms.
if he had fought with that no. 20 guy just now, he likely would have lost.
instead, he came across like he had something more up his sleeve.
vegeta really does have a gift for battle.
he might have even surpassed... goku.
regardless, i'm going after them!
even if it's just to confirm with my own eyes...
that the artificial humans are finished.
me too!
i'm going too!
if we stop now, then i won't understand why i went through all that training!
all right then.
but do not attempt to fight.
that guy is more than any of you can handle!
he will be using the rocks to conceal himself.
since he's an artificial human, you can't count on being able to sense him, either.
if you find him, let vegeta or myself know immediately.
and be extremely cautious over there.
 right! "let's go!"
where are you?! come on out!
you coward!
show yourself!
dammit.
he's using this topography to his advantage, all right.
in that case, i'll just have to drive him out.
i'll just blow all of these rocks away!
stop! the rest of us are down here too!
take this!
i accept your energy!
shoot!
damn you...!
dammit. he's a lot faster than i thought.
looks like he's gotten too used...
to using an opponent's ki to follow their moves.
i am able to follow your movements quite well,
but i doubt you'll ever find me.
on the other hand, who would have thought vegeta could be so strong?
what am i going to do?
i don't have a chance against him.
looks like i have no choice but to return to the laboratory.
i wanted to avoid the laboratory, if at all possible...
he's here too?
there's plenty of targets creeping around that i can steal energy from.
i'll drain all of their energy, and add it to my own!
then i can beat vegeta!
the cunning artificial human no. 20...
if left unchecked, something terrible is bound to happen.
and what is happening at doctor gem's laboratory?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
vegeta, with his gift for fighting, easily defeats no. 19. but then...
looks like he's gotten too used to using an opponent's ki...
to follow their moves.
if i drain all of their energy, and add it to my own, then i can beat vegeta!
"a reality more terrifying than the future!? trunks' suspicions."
oh. don't scare me like that!
shoot. not being able to see your foe like this is eerie.
damn. really, where did he disappear to, anyhow?
if this is the way it's going to be,
i wish i'd done like vegeta said and went home to have some milk!
so then, whose energy should i take first?
it has to be piccolo, the most powerful one next to vegeta!
with what i can get from piccolo, anything becomes possible!
you just wait until i come for you, vegeta!
damn.
he might already have gotten away.
no one will find us!
i know exactly where everyone else is!
now then, to take your energy...
g-gohan, come here! now!
th-the artificial human's got me...
piccolo-sen!
which way?
a faint kidisruption. this way!
only a small amount of your energy still remains.
all that's left is for you to die...
y-you saved me, gohan.
b-but how?!
there wasn't any way he could have found me!
kuririn-san! let piccolo-san have a senzu!
yeah!
i still can't beat vegeta, not even with this level of energy.
you flea-market doll...
i'll have to take energy from the others as well.
piccolo-sen!
let me handle this, vegeta!
stay out of this, no matter what!
if you're wanting to die, that's up to you...
but won't you just be providing him with more energy unnecessarily?
"stay out of this"?
this is perfect!
i'll just absorb his energy once again!
and once i do...
vegeta won't pose any...
that shouldn't have happened!
i must have let my guard down, that's all.
i-impossible!
there's no reason i shouldn't be able to defeat him!
after all, it was his energy i took and added to my own!
at the least, the power i have acquired should be more than equal to his!
l-i was afraid of this. i'm too late.
both goku-san's team and the artificial humans are no longer here.
the island is all blown apart, but just what exactly happened here?
i'd like to take the time machine a little further back in time,
but i've just barely got enough energy to get back home.
on top of that, the machine doesn't exactly work perfectly.
i might miss my intended time again.
ki! i sense fighting ki!
so that's it! they're fighting in a different place!
piccolo-sen! incredible!
such strength!
what kind of training could piccolo have done?
he's not even a super saiyan!
why, you...!
hang in there, goku!
get better quickly, so we can go back and beat those guys!
i'm positive! they must be where that explosion just was!
there's no reason fer us to go there, right?
let'sjes' go back home.
we'll be better off lettin' goku an' them take care of this.
'sides, we got this tyke.
did you see that just now? that was the boy from the future!
hey, lookit! you raised yer voice and woke 'im up!
that boy is on his way to fight!
i knew this is the right direction!
a" right. let's go!!
down there.
behind you!
piccolo-sen!
make a note of this.
as we fight, we can take our energy, as you call it,
amplify it, then release it in one explosive burst.
this is why the energy you took from me earlier...
made so little difference.
we've won!
looks like what that young man from the future said was wrong!
what kind of artificial human is this?
what is everyone else fighting against?
this isn't right. what's going on?
the fight is still going on!
that one... was different from the artificial humans i know of.
how can that be?
are there three artificial humans?
curse you, piccolo!
to think even you raised your power by so much...
according to the original order of history,
you two artificial humans...
were supposed to have killed just about every single one of us.
but it looks as though that future is going to change, doesn't it?
does that mean you guys weren't as strong as you were supposed to be?
or maybe...
we just became too strong for you?
hey, we did it!
we're going to win this time even without goku!
right!
i'm not all that happy with the unusual increase in power both piccolo...
and vegeta have undergone, but for now, at least i'm relieved about this.
piccolo! hurry up and put him away!
that is, unless you'd like me to do it?
thanks anyway,
but i am the embodiment of evil cast off by kami, after all.
i'm not all mushy about this the way goku is.
who's that?!
l-it's...
trunks?!
what?
trunks?
trunks, did you say?!
but that's the same name as my kid!
the same name!
he came from the future...
so that's it!
h-he's different too!
a-another new guy just arrived! who is this one?
l-i have no data on him at all.
regardless, this was all a terrible miscalculation, especially for me.
all that remains is for me to go back...
to the laboratory.
wh-who is that guy down there?
he is who you were fighting with, isn't he?
what?
who is he? isn't he one of the artificial humans you told us about?
what does this mean?
y-you mean he isn't?!
wh-what's this? you're saying he isn't?
it can't be!
trunks' unexpected statement...
can this mean there are other artificial humans,
in addition to no. 19 and no. 20?
further, what is the nature of no. 20, whom everyone has been fighting?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
c-curses! this was all a terrible miscalculation, especially for me.
all that remains is for me to go back...
to the laboratory.
wh-who is that guy down there?
he is who you were fighting with, isn't he?
what?!
y-you mean it's not him?!
are there even more artificial humans?
history is greatly different from that of trunks' future.
"give chase!! the search for doctor gero's mysterious laboratory."
what's that? you say he's different?
what?!
l-it can't be!
who's been carvin' up the earth down there?
look, over there, over there! that's where everyone is!
that's them, right? that's son-kun and the others!
s-stop, you idiot! you seriously wanna go there?
it's all right, i tell you!
if everyone's still alive, that surely means it's all over!
you take us any closer, an' i'll drop this rugrat right outta here!
oh? be my guest.
or didn't i mention that his father is vegeta?
v"veg eta?
this rugrat... er, rather,
this handsome young man's the child of yourself and vegeta-sama, is he?
that case, let's go!
now you're talking!
different? he's different, you say?
well then, who is that guy? tell me what he is!
it's no great matter, is it?
after all, our history may have just changed slightly from the one he told us about.
the artificial humans we're facing have also changed from the ones he knew.
that's fine if it's true.
now then, what should i do?
how can i get back to the laboratory?
if i try to fly away, i'll likely be overtaken.
the only thing i can do is use this terrain to conceal myself as i go.
hey, isn't that bulma-san's?
yoo hoo!
hey, look! that's an artificial human! one of em's still 'round.
doctor gero?
watch out! don't come any closer!
now!
i wasn't lying when i said there's absolutely no way you could win!
no. 17 and no. 18 will be coming soon to kill you all!
no. 17?
no. 18?
why, that lousy...
ah, what a surprise!
trunks!
oh, trunks!
oh, thank goodness! thanks, pal.
he's vanished, dammit!
he got away!
bulma-san!
are you okay?
fine, fine! this boy saved me.
really! thank goodness.
damn! you're not getting away from me!
why didn't you help them just now?
what?
they are your wife and child, aren't they?
how insignificant. i have no interest in any of that.
you're in the way, mind your own business!
he's not flying up in the air,
which means he's running away on foot so that we can't locate him.
he couldn't have gotten very far yet.
say, was that strange old geezer earlier an artificial human?
there, there!
why, yes he was.
there, there!
that was probably doctor gero himself.
i've seen him in a book of scientists.
that is strange, huh?
i wonder if he's converted himself?
there, there!
ain't no one gonna pay me no attention?
hey! that artificial human just now was probably doctor gero!
doctor gem'?!
that was doctor gero?!
what's that supposed to mean?
like i said, i've seen his picture before.
he spoke of doctor gero, so i looked him up.
there, there, now...
yes, he is pulling a scary face, isn't he?
you know what?
doctor gero was quite gifted and famous, especially among other scientists.
it seemed he was rather hard to get along with though.
oh, there, there!
everything you've told us has been completely false!
wasn't doctor gero supposed to have been killed by artificial humans?!
and these artificial humans were different from yours!
th-the only thing i can figure is that history itself has shifted somehow.
most likely due to me coming back to the past before now.
he mentioned no. 17 and no. 18, right?
more than likely, those are your two artificial humans.
tell us how we can distinguish them!
we can't afford any more mistakes.
yes, you're right.
no. 17 is a young man with long black hair and a scarf around his neck.
no. 18 is a pretty female type, dressed in clothes similar to mine...
f-female type?!
they both have cold eyes and round earrings.
i think you'll know them when you see them.
they would have to draw energy in through their palms, wouldn't they?
no, they aren't like that.
their energy is... unlimited.
unlimited? you mean it never runs out?
there, there!
say, more importantly, where is son goku-san?
that heart disease, the one you warned us about?
he just barely came down with it.
is that how badly time has been shifted?
goku-sa! hang in there!
you don't suppose... we might be too late with the medicine, do you?
you've got to hold on, goku!
goku-sa!
you just wait, vegeta and piccolo!
you're about to get a taste of just how terrible we artificial humans really are!
what do you think you're doing, vegeta?!
if you come any closer with that scary face of yours,
you're going to make trunks cry again!
there, there now...
i know, it's surprising how scary his face is, isn't it?
bulma, do you know where doctor gero's laboratory is located?
he's heading back that way for sure!
the location?
well, as i recall, it was somewhere in the mountains surrounding metro north.
there's a rumor that he converted a cave up there into a laboratory.
well, he's long gone by now.
even if we were to take off after him...
we're all right. did anyone see him flying away?
now that you mention it...
he intends to use the topography here to help him get away again.
he must still be running through an area not far from here.
i get you. all we have to do then is get there first,
and then destroy no. 17 and no. 18 before doctor gero has a chance to activate them.
i wouldn't do such a cowardly thing.
i just want to be first in line to put the others away with my own two hands!
the artificial humans we just took on gave us such a poor fight, after all.
you must not!
you must not.
you underestimate the artificial humans.
as piccolo-san said, we should destroy them before they are started up.
if we're too late to do that,
we should avoid battle until son goku-san has recovered from his illness.
we don't need to wait for kakarrot's strength!
can't you tell?
i've become a super saiyan too!
with both him and i turned super saiyans,
my elite skills obviously place me several steps above him!
now move it, you're in my way!
hey, he's gone all right.
vegeta has become a super saiyan,
and has gotten even stronger than son goku.
he just might be able to beat the artificial humans, as he says.
i can turn into a super saiyan as well.
however, there isn't any way i could match up against them.
they have unbelievable strength! i'm going too.
he may be a jerk, but i'm not going to let my father die again!
father? did he just say father?
i wonder what he meant?
there's no reason to keep this secret any longer.
his name is trunks.
his father was vegeta, and you are his mother.
in other words, he's the grown-up version of the baby in your arms.
you're kidding!
l-is that right?
c-come to think of it, they do look alike.
n-now it all makes sense,
about how he is able to be a super saiyan.
you guys come with me and help search out doctor gero's laboratory.
it seems best to destroy the artificial humans before they get started up.
you got it. ok!
trunks, you grow up to be a pretty good guy after all!
thank goodness!
your mom was worried because you have such a mean look about you!
b-bulma-san, please let my father know about all of this.
and tell him if he gets well in time, we'd like him to join us.
that's fine, but how am i supposed to tell him?
my airplane got all smashed up.
gohan, you take her with you.
the rest of us have what it takes...
if we're just destroying the artificial humans.
okay. but be careful.
all right, let's go! we have to find it before vegeta does!
okay, we'll be going pretty fast, now.
be careful, we have a baby here too.
hey, don't forget 'bout me!
yer takin' me too, yer takin' me.
i should be okay now.
having run this far, i should be able to fly without being seen.
vegeta!
shoot! is he still trying to search me out?
him too. they're both flying in exactly the same direction as i'm headed...
could they possibly be headed for my laboratory?
no, it's just a coincidence.
it has to be a coincidence!
there's no way they could know where my laboratory is.
only a very few scientists even know about it.
was that bulma?
the first daughter of the capsule corporation?
she might have asked her father about me!
th-that must be it, all right!
they're all headed toward my laboratory.
so, they intend to destroy no. 17 and no. 18 before i can start them up, do they?
there's no way i'm letting them get away with that!
i never told anyone the exact location,
so they shouldn't be able to find it without some searching.
i can still take the roundabout way and get there first.
say, gohan-kun, you can speed up a little if you want.
right!
your late father?
he sure did a lot of wicked things.
he'd be in hell now, no doubt about it.
but he had his good points too.
he was always so full of pride,
he'd never show his gentle side clearly to anyone...
but i knew...
is he thinking of accompanying me the whole way?
how interesting!
that's right, he can become a super saiyan too.
he is my kid, which explains where he gets his saiyan blood from.
yajirobe! why don't you get down and walk already?
stuff it!
the warriors head toward doctor gero's laboratory.
however, what is it that awaits them there?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
doctor gero...
wh-what's this?
the artificial human no. 20's true identity...
is that of the maniacal red ribbon scientist doctor gero himself?!
with trunks traveling through time once again,
we learn that the artificial humans responsible for turning the future world...
into a hellish existence were no. 17 and no. 18.
"and the terror becomes reality... no. 17 and no. 18 awaken."
what an utterly self-centered know-nothing!
i get you. all we have to do then is get there first,
and then destroy no. 17 and no. 18 before doctor gero has a chance to activate them.
i wouldn't do such a cowardly thing.
i just want to be first in line to put the others away with my own two hands!
the artificial humans we just took on gave us such a poor fight, after all.
you must not. you underestimate the artificial humans.
as piccolo-san said, we should destroy them before they are started up.
what foolishness! i have to find a way to stop this.
until goku-san returns to us...
lam the prince of the saiyans!
i will not be placed on the same level as that lower-class warrior kakarrot!
it is i who am the super saiyan among super saiyans!
be they no. 17, no. 18, or anything else, i'll turn them to scrap quickly!
it's already too late! you will all be killed!
th-this is my first time against anyone like this-against anyone this strange!
goku-sa! goku-sa!
goku-sa! goku-sa!
goku! hang on, goku!
goku-sa, are you all right? get a hold of yourself, goku-sa!
he must be havin' a pretty terrifyin' dream.
goku, i beg you, please get better soon!
goku-sa!
how much farther is this metro north?
we should nearly be there.
i see it!
what about vegeta?
if we don't find the laboratory before vegeta does,
things are going to get really bad.
how long were you planning on watching over me?
get lost! you're annoying me.
i can't do that.
you want to fight with the artificial humans, don't you?
what do you think you're going to do once we get to the laboratory?
are you planning on destroying the artificial humans,
even if you have to fight me to do so?
that's probably what it will come to. how many times must i tell you?
you underestimate how terrible no. 17 and no. 18 really are.
being told such a thing only makes a pure saiyan want to fight even more.
so then, where is this laboratory of doctor gem's?
you don't understand any of this!
gohan, ain't we at yer place yet? i'm gettin' worn out.
what are you talking about?
that huge bulk of yours is just being carried along.
you've got some nerve.
think about what gohan-kun must be going through.
i don't really mind.
yajirobe, did you hear that? how big of you!
trunks, you be sure to grow up like big brother gohan here!
he'll be fine. didn't we just see how sharp trunks-san was?
you're right, he was pretty sharp, wasn't he?
you sure you can believe that 'bout him?
l beg your pardon?!
how dare you speak so rudely of my son!
bulma-san!
sorry, but yajirobe's...
there's no mistakin' he was your kid, bulma,
but ya hafta consider he's also vegeta's kid.
what's that?! let's tell vegeta he said that.
f-forget i said that, 'kay, bulma-sama?
trunks-san is a good man.
he came back through time just to warn us about the upcoming danger.
that's right! leave it to gohan to come up with that.
he still has a mean look about him, though.
and that's just what we'll relay to your father, trunks!
please stop kiddin' 'round, bulma-sama!
if trunks-san hadn't warned us ahead of time,
we wouldn't have known about father's illness or about the artificial humans, or any of this.
on top of that, he prepared that medicine.
he really is a bright, considerate young man.
i sure hope father is taking his medicine and getting better.
of course he's getting better!
yeah, you're right. i'm going to speed up some!
w-w-waitaminnit!
she said doctor gero's laboratory was in a cave around here somewhere, right?
it sure is cold here in the north.
you think we can find it? there are nothing but mountains all around us.
what's more, he may be able to sense our ki, but there's no way we can feel out his ki.
we'll have to split up and search.
whichever one of us finds it first will signal the others.
so, what kind of signal should we use?
suddenly raise your ki. we'll know what you mean.
indeed.
it's so cold! we should have dressed warmer!
live with it! i'm cold too, you know.
how inconvenient for you earthlings.
if we don't act fast, no. 17 and no.18 will be started up!
all right. let's split up and find it.
our future as earthlings depends on it.
hold on!
what, so you can tell us how cold you are again?
th-that's not it!
i was just thinking of dividing up the remaining senzu among us.
that's right! they'll be helpful.
there are six of them left, here.
there are three of us, and since three times two is six, we each get two.
i sure would like to take care of all this without having to use these.
so, they're here, all right.
but they won't find my laboratory so easily!
just keep prowling around! i'll kill you all soon enough!
i mistook ya fer some game! you okay?
good golly!
what's the matter?
there was this nutty old man...
that's doctor gero! which way did he go?
thattaway.
all right!
hey! don't leave me here like this!
i thought this was supposed to be a "no trespassing" area.
this way!
kuririn!
this is terrible...
this must have been done by doctor gero.
that way!
meddlesome insect!
your level of energy will be of absolutely no use to me.
dammit! mock me, will you?!
i'll crush you once and for all!
piccolo?
there's no need for me to dirty my hands at this point.
you get to live a little while longer. consider yourself fortunate.
it's just a matter of time now.
l-i have to let the others know...
but first, i have to locate the laboratory!
here it is! i finally made it back!
l-i found it!
i found it! now to inform the others!
he intends to call his friends, does he?
well he's too late. time is on my side now.
i have to hurry and call everyone.
everyone, come quick!
he found it?
what's with this ki?
if there were another way, i wouldn't think of activating these two.
but at this point, i have no choice.
i hope they're back in order...
so, have you awakened, no. 17?
good morning, doctor gero-sama.
cordiality towards me?
of course. you are my creator, after all.
looks like he's in good working order all right.
now, for no. 18...
good morning, doctor gero-sama.
oh! even you greet me so cordially.
it is only natural.
apparently they're both working properly.
i see you have also become an artificial human.
i wanted eternal life as well, you know.
frankly, i'm a bit relieved.
what with most of your parts being hooked in to an eternal energy source,
and having so much power at your disposal,
it was hard for you to keep control,
and you would not accept any of my commands until now.
from now on, i will have you do as i command.
now, i have to put you to work right away.
very soon, some friends of son goku will arrive.
deal with them all, and spare no one. understood?
yes. we understand.
that's doctor gem's laboratory.
kuririn, nice work finding it!
i guess so.
we've done it. we can take care of them before he comes back.
great!
yeah, well, about that...
what's wrong, kuririn?
doctor gero already has returned.
what?!
s-sorry.
you should have said so sooner!
what can we do if we're too late?!
they're here! those fearless, contemptible fools!
so, you guys are on.
this door is awfully strong.
stand aside. i'll destroy it.
nice of you to find this!
beat them all to a pulp!
no. 17! what's this?!
this is your controller, used to execute an emergency interrupt on us, isn't it?
just in case anything were to happen.
i have no use for such a thing.
why you... what do you think you're doing?! is this a joke?
you think we're going to let you put us to sleep again, you old geezer?
destroy the artificial humans, and you'll pay for it!
that cannot be allowed!
you do not understand how terrifying these artificial humans really are!
you shut up!
no. 17! stop kidding around and destroy our enemies on the other side of that door!
th-the artificial humans have already been activated!
out of the way, you jackasses!
you must not!
we should get out of here right now!
please, wait until son goku-san is back on his feet! after that...
that won't be necessary!
a scarf around the neck... of a young man with long black hair.
that's no. 17.
no. 18 is a cute female type.
trunks, they're just as you described, unmistakably so, right?
r-right.
at last, the artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18 are awakened.
at first look, they do not appear to be too imposing.
can they really be the mighty foes that trunks says they are?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
doctor gero manages to avoid the desperate pursuit of kuririn and the others,
and at last awakens the terrifying artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18 from their sleep.
however, to doctor gero's horror, no. 17 and no. 18...
snatch the emergency shutdown controller away from him!
i have no use for such a thing.
what do you think you're doing?! is this a joke?
you think we're going to let you put us to sleep again, you old geezer?
"too late to do anythingl? the ultimate weapons to kill goku."
damn, are we too late?
out of the way, you jackasses!
you must not!
we should get out of here right now!
wait until son goku-san is back on his feet! after that...
that won't be necessary!
a scarf around the neck... of a young man with long black hair.
that's no. 17.
no. 18 is a cute female type.
trunks, they're just as you described, unmistakably so, right?
r-right.
those two are no. 17 and no. 18?
you must not be deceived by their outward appearance.
they really are quite terrifying.
those are the friends of son goku that i told you about.
do not take them lightly.
they destroyed no. 19, and came very close to killing me, too.
no. 19?
you made one of those?
yeah.
you don't say.
then you had that one reconstruct the professor himself...
into this artificial human?
are you guys the energy-absorption type?
that's right.
how come with the newer model,
you went back to the old energy-absorption style?
i wonder if it's because the eternal-energy models had too much power,
and were out of your control.
yeah.
no wonder you got so beat up!
out of his control?
none of that matters now. take care of them immediately!
quit your tiresome drivel!
we'll deal with them when we feel like it.
wh-what did you say?!
damn you...
if only i had my controller...
no. 16?
this one's another eternal-energy type, right?
but there must be something different from our variety, isn't there?
it's a bit larger, for one. i wonder what else is different.
don't touch that, no. 18! don't you touch!
don't touch!
n-no. 16 now?!
i don't know that one! what does this mean?
sounds interesting. should we start it up, no. 18?
no! stop!
do you want to destroy the world as we know it?!
what?
destroy the world as we know it?
h-how can that be?
hey, while these guys are arguing, maybe we ought to run.
be my guest. except for myself, i doubt anyone else can handle them.
no. 16 is a botched test unit i worked my experiments out on.
do not start it up!
stop! don't touch it!
a lady does not wish to be touched with such familiarity!
for being a botched unit, you've sure let it sit here a long time.
everything up until no. 15 seems to have been disposed of.
i was planning on rebuilding it before long.
at any rate, do not activate it!
if you do, it could cost all of us our heads!
it could cost all of us our heads?
even though according to this data, my power is higher?
th-that's right!
i don't care. activate it, no. 18.
how dare you defy me at every turn! you're just like no. 16!
you're a failed unit! you just keep doing as you wish.
i'm going to shut you down!
i broke your override controller.
i'll just rebuild it!
haven't you understood a single word i've said?!
don't push that switch...
n-no. 17... wh-why you...
what's this? i'm the one who made you!
you damned piece of junk!
how could he?
that was his father, who created him!
m-me?
why just me?
stop being such a sore loser and go!
easy for you to say,
but for just me to have my luck run out...
sooner or later, we'll all meet this fate.
they just kill anyone they don't care for, no matter who they may be, huh?
just like the saiyans.
even their parents and children.
it's you earthlings alone who are the strange ones for thinking differently.
well, press the switch.
no you don't!
i won't let you add any more artificial humans!
you crazy idiot!
if you're going to do that, say something before hand, all right?
stupid jackass! your actions are worthless!
what do you mean, worthless?
take a look over there.
a blast at that level was nothing but a useless waste of energy.
you better open it soon.
the pipes and cords are disconnected and all.
this is why kids are thought of as foolish.
s-she opened it!
don't tell me there's going to be one more of them?
so that's no. 16?
sure enough, he looks awfully strong!
he's unknown! i've never seen this one.
yo, no. 16. this is the first time we've seen you up and around.
how do you feel being out after so many years?
doctor gero was against re-activating you.
he said it might cost all of us our heads if we did.
we'd like to know what he meant by that. any thoughts?
do you just not want to say?
perhaps you're just a man of few words.
no matter. shall we go?
where to?
it's obvious, isn't it? son goku's place.
you were originally created to kill son goku, weren't you?
that's right.
dear me, he's finally opened his mouth for us.
your responses are just as afforded by the input doctor gero gave you.
it was rude for him to consider you a failure.
much as it irritates me to do as doctor gero says,
we artificial humans need some kind of target to start out with.
all right, let's go.
n-no way'-!
th-they're going! thank goodness!
what do they plan on doing? where are they headed?
looks like they don't plan on rampaging through metro north.
their direction is different.
it's goku! aren't they headed toward goku's home?
you see?
doctor gem's goal was to kill goku for vanquishing the red ribbon army!
yeah, but i can't believe they'd follow doctor gem's orders.
none of that matters!
i am right here!
they utterly ignored me.
are they trying to say i'm beneath their notice?
they dare to make light of me.
you can't pursue them!
just for a while... please wait for just a little while!
you mean until kakarrot recovers from his illness?
kakarrot? you mean goku-san?
that's right. if we don't include goku-san's power...
and all fight together, we absolutely cannot win!
you're laboring under the wrong impression.
it's not the artificial humans who i hate the most. it's kakarrot!
i'll defeat them myself, and i don't need kakarrot's help to do it.
then when it's all over, i will finally defeat kakarrot.
now that you know, move it!
that's senseless!
going after them yourself is like going willingly to your own death!
please, wait just a little while longer!
hey!
are you okay?
g-go after him!
we can't let him go off on his own until goku-san has recovered!
please stop him!
gohan and bulma-san are headed to goku's home.
they'll be overtaken soon!
this is bad.
my mother and the others are in danger!
let's go after them!
unbelievable. usin' my scarf as some kinda makeshift diaper!
this ain't never comin' out.
yajirobe, do you have anything else i can use to bundle him up?
you think i'd give you anythin' else?
but trunks-chan might catch cold!
just relax! we all know trunks'll grow up as big's he is with no trouble.
oh, i guess you're right.
trunks-chan, it'll take more than this to chill you, huh?
great, great!
ooh, great!
ooh, great, great!
bulma-san...
if it's okay, i'd like to hurry up a bit.
okay. i'm sure you're worried about son-kun's condition. let's go.
i wonder if father is doing better yet.
once goku-sa is better,
he'll be sure to say "i'm hungry. chichi, ain't we got nothin' to eat?"
so i'm rollin' up my sleeves an'...
cookin' him more good stuff than he could ever eat.
goku, your medicine!
goku-sa?
goku-sa...
goku is not going to die of any illness.
he won't allow it to happen.
we need him to defend us,
and the rest of the earth from the artificial humans!
looks like the medicine is taking effect, and he's resting easier.
you really think so?
yeah. you know what?
they said this illness was viral in nature,
so i'm going to take some of this, and you should take a little too, chichi-san.
leaving that matter aside, what is gohan-chan up to?
oh? he hasn't come back yet, has he?
maybe he's off playing somewhere.
curse you! what's so great about kakarrot?
i've become a super saiyan too.
all other conditions being equal, i, vegeta-sama, the saiyan prince,
am far above his level!
i'm going to show them my true power!
no. 17, why are we landing?
let's take our time and enjoy ourselves as we go.
there's no reason to hurry.
are we walking then?
let's go by car. before long, an automobile should pass by.
we'll go in that.
you boys sure do like this pointless stuff.
is that a leftover human trait of yours?
you understand, don't you, no. 16?
you were constructed from a human male, weren't you?
no. i was constructed from nothing.
you aren't human-based?
he's fundamentally different from us.
that's strange.
if doctor gero had the technical skills to build an artificial human from nothing,
why did he go back in the direction of building them from a human base?
yo'.!
i didn't expect to find you dallying around here like this.
what's this? there's a different kind of air about you than you had earlier.
it's not just the air, pal.
i want you to tell me where you think you guys are headed.
son goku's place. we're going to kill him.
so we were right. you won't be able to make it there.
that's because i'm going to put you all away.
is that funny? laugh all you want while you still can.
saiyans are so overly sure of themselves.
son goku seems to be the same way.
because of that pride, the more unprepared they are,
the sooner they die.
you spout that ridiculous blather quite well for a puppet!
i'll smash you to bits! which one of you is first?
the kid? the woman? the big dunce?
or perhaps you'd rather i take all three of you on at once?!
you're overdoing it.
what was that?!
no. 16, i want to see your power. you go ahead.
i decline.
looks like that one has at least figured out my ability.
he's a strange one. says he declines.
you should have kept your place.
very well. i'll do it.
let me warn you now,
i won't be pulling any punches just because you're a woman.
then again, you're an artificial human. you aren't a woman, are you?
the time is upon us when the artificial human no. 18...
first reveals the power trunks was so fearful of.
what kind of fight will unfold between her and the super saiyan vegeta?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
just as trunks came from the future to forewarn,
doctor gero is killed by the hand of no. 17, one of his own creations.
afterward, no. 16, an artificial human that not even trunks knows about, is re-activated.
vegeta, having transformed himself into a super saiyan,
challenges the artificial humans to battle all alone.
"good looks and super power!? no blind spot on no. 18."
you should have kept your place.
very well. i'll do it.
let me warn you now,
i won't be pulling any punches just because you're a woman.
then again, you're an artificial human. you aren't a woman, are you?
here!
surprising.
he's got a much greater strength...
than in the information doctor gero provided us.
vegeta, huh?
not too bad.
looks like no. 18 is starting to play with him.
hey, stackin' this way's awfully rough on me, ain't it?
please, just hang in there for a little while longer, yajirobe-san.
enough! can't you do anything but complain?
how can you ask a question like that?
my belly's so empty! i gotta put away some chow!
incredible. you have no class.
yeah, he's such a poor example for you-huh?
hey! this ain't funny!
which one of us ain't got class now?
please, stop shifting around there, yajirobe-san!
you hush! i'm gettin' off! take us down! take us down!
whoa!
you're not getting away!
what'm i s'pposed to do now?
i sure hope the artificial humans haven't overtaken gohan and bulma-san.
dad...
what's that?
what's the matter?
have you stopped running from me?
you guys are just fooling, right?
huh? what the...?
they've come back.
there's no way i can tell if you wind-up mannequins suffer damage or not.
as such, i'll just have to blow you to pieces.
enough so that you'll never smile again.
hey, you numbskulls!
what do you think you're doing in the middle of the road?
blithering halfwits!
if you don't get out of the way, i'll run right over the top of you!
just keep smiling, while you're still able.
hey, didn't you hear me?!
go ahead, try it.
hey!
it looks as though you're faster than i thought.
yoo-hoo!
hello!
hey there! hey there!
so bouncy, bouncy!
so jiggly. jiggly!
oh, for a camera!
it's been so long!
hi! turtle-chan!
hi!
no, not you, old man!
turtle-chan! turtle-chan!
tu rtle-chan?
how cute!
why, you...
you haven't been giving me your all, have you?
of course not.
if i gave it my all, it would destroy the earth.
i haven't been giving it my all, either.
could you tell?
in that case, don't hold back.
you'd better give me your best while you can,
or you'll regret it later.
well then, i will.
are you all right, vegeta-san?!
veg eta-san!
unbelievable. you're such a bunch of pests!
you guys think you're any help against an opponent like this?
my goodness.
could it be time to lend a hand?
not even no. 18 would be able to take them all on.
nothing left for me but to get in there.
unless, no. 16, you want to go?
no, i'm not going.
not going, huh? you really are slipshod.
just what were you built for, anyhow?
i thought i told you. to kill son goku.
my, my, how nice for you to be so carefree.
hey, no. 17 is headed this way.
let's get out of here, vegeta-san.
if you get killed, your pride won't be worth crap.
p-please!
you want another beating? you're in our way! get lost, now!
if you want to run, you're free to do so.
we don't have any interest in that which flees.
don't be ridiculous.
why should i find it necessary to run when i'm about to obliterate you?
get this straight.
if it comes down to fighting alongside earthlings, or namekians...
or kakarrot, for that matter...
i'd rather fight by myself and die!
very nice commentary.
coupled with your fighting style,
you're every bit worthy to be prince of the saiyans.
it's not up to you wind-up dolls to say so.
particularly a kid like you.
however, in the hopes that each of you hold the code of bushido dear,
i'm putting you on notice.
i don't think anyone here...
would interfere in vegeta and no. 18's one-on-one fight,
but if you do, i will have to join in as well.
these guys are cowardly pacifists.
you don't have to trouble yourself for them to stay out of it.
fine, then.
shall we keep going?
of course we will!
(that's my '00)'!
you're getting me irritated, pretending like nothing's happened.
you surprise me.
even being an alien, i didn't think any man could push me this far.
is the man son goku even stronger?
don't be absurd.
he may have pulled ahead for a while, but now, as it should be...
i'm stronger than he is.
you don't say. then you're not all that great, either one of you.
wh-what was that?!
this is bad! go get her!
incredible. i hadn't realized that dad was so incredible.
he's actually holding his own against one of those terrible artificial humans.
he's going to get killed. vegeta, i mean.
vvatch!
it's just a little bit each time,
but the artificial human is starting to get the upper hand.
his opponent hardly loses any power,
but for every move vegeta makes, his stamina drops proportionately.
shoot!
goku, what should we do?!
dad!!
no, you fool!
vegeta is in trouble.
without thinking, trunks leaps to his aid.
however, how should they do battle against the artificial humans...
and their unmeasurable power?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
out of his hatred for son goku,
doctor gero devoted himself to creating the artificial humans, nos. 16, 17 and 18.
a private battle between vegeta and no. 18 began.
are you all right?!
get this straight.
if it comes down to fighting alongside earthlings, or namekians,
or kakarrot, for that matter...
i'd rather fight by myself and die!
i don't think anyone here would interfere in vegeta and no. 18's one-on-one fight,
but if you do...
i will have to join in as well.
dad!!
"nobody ls able to stop them... ls this the end of the z warriors!?"
dad!
dammit!
no you don't!
o-one blow! and he was even a super saiyan!
damn you!
how incredibly strong!
what's up with him?
dammit!
looks like i'd better make sure you can't use your other arm, either.
his hair color changed back, and that strange glow is gone too.
pretty unusual phenomenon, i'd say.
the one over there was the same way.
so what is it about him, then?
i've got no data on this.
not that it's important.
e-everyone's been beaten!
maron-chan, well done, well done...!
hey, sugar. how are you?
hi!
hey, baby, how about having some fun together?
come on aboard!
i'll be happy too!
help!
help!
what a racket...
maron-chan, are you okay?
maron thought she was going to die. thanks, turtle-chan.
hey, baby! how about taking a ride with us in the boat?
hi, come on, over here!
maron will take that ride!
turtle-chan, what are you doing?
you mustn't, maron-chan.
you're waiting for kuririn to return, aren't you?
oh, that's right.
that's right, i'm waiting for kurin-chan...
ye!
come aboard with us!
honey, let's go get something to drink! yeah?
sure, but...
then we'll get some cake, something sweet to eat, right?
how's that sound?
huh? what's your problem?
puny turtle, you're going to get hurt if you try to mess with us human beings.
you rotten punk!
turtle-chan, you're so strong!
i like my men strong.
tu rtle-chan!
you mustn't! you have kuririn-san!
kuririn-san! k-kuririn-san!
kuririn this, kuririn that, i'm tired of hearing it!
kuririn's not the only man out there, you know!
maron-chan...
damn, you expect me to be beaten too?
don't worry. they're all still alive.
hurry and feed them those senzu whatsits.
they should recover completely.
tell them that if they manage to toughen up any,
we're willing to take them on again.
see you.
aren't you going to ask where son goku is?
no worry. it'll be more fun seeking it out for ourselves.
besides, if we smash things around enough, he'll come to us.
bye.
you're so bratty, no. 17.
you think so?
what are you looking at, no. 16?
you guys made all that noise, so the little birds flew away.
little birds?
say, not too many cars pass through here.
let's fly off to somewhere a little more busy.
goku-sa seems to be feelin' better.
come to think of it, what's gohan-chan doin' now?
look! we're almost there!
hold on a second. go to my home first.
but there are things i need to tell father right away.
you have no idea how it feels to be a "young missus."
you're just like your father in that way.
you're the type who's going to have a hard time with women later on.
it's a real struggle being a young mother.
there's so much i have to do for trunks,
like change him and prepare his milk and so on.
she's right. there'll be more, better chow there too.
head to bulma's home.
w-well, okay then. we'll go to bulma-san's home.
there sure aren't any cars coming through here.
no choice but to fly on to somewhere busier.
that's fine with me.
i want to get some new clothes too.
great. so, let's go find a nearby town.
w-wait!
what, you have some other errand with us?
what is it you guys are after?
are you just out to kill goku?
or are you just out to turn the world upside-down?
for now, we're going to defeat son goku.
we'll think about what to do next after we're done.
but why?! why go after goku?
you guys killed doctor gero, when he was the one who hated him!
doctor gero doesn't figure into this.
this is all just a game.
a same, you say?
that's the only purpose for all this?
i said we didn't need to ask you where son goku was, right? this is the reason.
looking for him is part of the game.
s-suppose, then, i were to ask you to stop.
would it be any use?
it wouldn't be any use. we were created to kill son goku.
like he said.
you'd better hurry and feed them those senzu. they'll die soon.
see ya. bye.
the artificial humans are overpoweringly strong!
however, their character is somewhat unexpected.
will goku and the others be able to defend the earth from them?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18 prove to be extraordinarily strong.
piccolo, trunks, and vegeta each found there was nothing they could do,
and were defeated.
goku was still down from his heart illness.
we were created to kill son goku.
this is just a game.
son goku is the strongest one in the world, right?
humans... it's a game to kill him.
see ya! bye.
the puzzling nature of the artificial humans-now what?
"piccolo's resolution!! the last measure in his reserve."
that's right, i have to help everyone!
let's see...
there are six senzu left.
i just split them up between myself, tenshinhan and piccolo.
hey, tenshinhan, stay with us!
here, have a senzu.
i guess i should feed one to vegeta too.
what? you mean they even knew the word "senzu"?!
what does it mean?
if they knew so much, why didn't they kill us?
good question.
are they saying they don't need to kill us?
that we're no match for them?!
of course they are.
those guys are incredibly strong. they're too strong!
how could anyone have guessed they were as strong as that?
vegeta!
trunks! don't go after him! stop!
leave him alone.
he had become a super saiyan,
and utterly regained all of his pride and self-assuredness.
and yet, even though they were artificial humans,
he was soundly beaten by a woman.
his shock must be pretty great.
as for the rest of us,
to think that we even teamed up on them and couldn't beat them...
i'm sorry. my legs just cowered on me, and i wasn't able to fight with you.
don't worry about it.
our opponents were such that trunks had even turned super saiyan...
yet he was still all but defeated in one blow.
if you had joined in, there's not a thing you could have done.
dammit, if only goku were healthy!
this guy easily took care of even freeza.
and yet, he was powerless to do anything against the artificial humans.
let's be frank. no matter how strong goku may be,
he can't be that much different from vegeta or trunks.
there's absoultely no one who can beat them, goku included!
they were also somewhat different from the artificial humans i knew.
how do you mean?
the ones i know didn't have this kind of unbelievable strength.
i was able to at least hold my own against their strength.
at any rate, the path ahead is in complete darkness.
what should we do now?
first, you guys go to son goku's house and move him to a different location.
whatever we do next, we can't think of doing it until goku recovers.
that's for sure.
so, piccolo, what are you planning to do?
good question.
wh-what's up with that expression on your face?
you must have some kind of strategy, right?
come on, tell us! we're all friends here!
friends, you say?
don't get carried away with yourself!
when did i ever become friends with any of you?!
i am a demon clansman! don't you ever forget...
i'm just using you to help me take over the world!
that's right, i'd completely forgotten.
he is, after all, the reincarnation...
of piccolo daimao, who goku and i fought against so long ago.
damn, don't tell me piccolo is still bent on world domination.
all his talk about scheming to take over the world?
i don't think he means it.
he's just like goku or vegeta.
i bet all he thinks about is being stronger than anyone else.
therefore, he's flown off to take the very last measure left in his reserve.
probably so, anyway.
what is this last measure you're talking about?
piccolo flew off in that direction.
do you know what's over there?
that direction?
beats me. nothing comes to mind. is it somewhere i know of?
kami-sama's place.
kami-sama's?!
i'm sure everyone already knew,
but kami-sama and piccolo daimao were once one namekian.
once they divided, they went their separate ways.
and piccolo's been reincarnated since then.
when i was on namek, the grand elder-san told me something.
he said if kami-sama and piccolo hadn't split up,
they could have stood up to even a saiyan.
what i'm saying is, i think piccolo has gone to kami-sama's place in order
to become his one, original self again.
what?
if kami-sama and mao join bodies, they'll return to a namekian warrior.
however, since piccolo is so much more powerful now,
they'll become an exceptional warrior!
if goku and company are super saiyans, then piccolo would be a super namekian!
super namekian? that's incredible!
but if so, and kami-sama disappears, won't the dragon balls also vanish?
yeah, probably so.
but if piccolo or kami-sama were to get killed,
the dragon balls would vanish anyhow.
if piccolo really is planning on reuniting with kami-sama...
if he really feels that boxed in by the three artificial humans,
it should tell us how fierce an enemy they are.
piccolo hates kami-sama's guts.
what is my fath... i mean, vegeta-san planning to do?
hey, there's no need to hide it any more, trunks.
we all know you're the grown-up version of the baby bulma-san was holding.
the only one who doesn't know is your father, vegeta.
is that so? please excuse me.
it's really nothing you need to apologize for.
vegeta is definitely not the type to run away just because he's lost a battle.
he's nearly the incarnation of pride itself.
i'm sure he'll come up with some new finishing technique.
he'll be back to face the artificial humans again.
yeah.
damn those artificial human bastards! toy with me, will they?!
they're going to regret leaving me, vegeta-sama, alive!
forget about me. i don't know when i'll be back again.
farewell.
i'll be waiting for you. until you come back to me...
no matter how long it takes, i'll wait for you!
love is sure beautiful.
it's true. in the end, love will overcome.
maron-chan!
huh? has kuririn come back?
maron, i've been looking for you!
well, if it isn't mark!
hey, maron!
ah, tommy!
maron!
i love you!
i came flying back for you!
oh, you've all come for me? maron's so touched!
wh-what's all this commotion?
just a minute, guys!
oh, maron-chan, what is all this?
things got dull, so i called my boyfriends.
y-you mean these guys are all your boyfriends, maron-chan?
that's right!
each of them has proposed to maron, but they're all so handsome, i can't decide!
everyone else is waiting, so i'm leaving!
give kurin-chan my regards! see ya!
she really left.
this may be for the best.
she's not a bad girl, but she just doesn't suit kuririn.
listen to me.
we're going to keep the fact that maron-chan came back for kuririn a secret.
right.
still, even if it were just once...
i wanted to pafu-pafu with maren-chain's chest! what a pity!
say, trunks, how long will it take goku...
to get better with that medicine you gave him?
knowing goku-san, i'd say he'll be fine in ten days or so.
ten days, huh? i think we can manage to keep him hidden that long.
yeah, one way or another.
although, the idea of goku getting better...
and winning this fight seems a little too good to be true now.
in any case, we're lucky those three don't seem to have any kind of...
radar device that can track our power.
right.
goku-sa, are you okay?!
chichi, hurry, his medicine!
it's gone! the medicine's gone!
gone, gone, gone...
isn't that it over there?
oh, is this where it was?
goku-sa, i got your medicine. take this.
goku-sa, i'm beggin' you, get better quick!
huh?
oh my! bulma! gohan-chan! trunks-chan!
mama!
we're back!
my, welcome, all of you!
gohan-chan, look how big you're getting!
you look so much more brawny every time i see you!
come, make a stay of it. i'll prepare some cakes and tea right away.
there's no need to be so modest!
actually...
i have to hurry back to my father.
i'm stayin' for the chow 'fore i leave. it's good manners.
good bye!
dear me, has he left already?
i'm sure he must be busy.
i wonder what the matter is?
what's the matter indeed?
there's nothing like playing the wetnurse.
now, i'd better hurry!
so, piccolo, you've finally made your decision?
long ago, myself and piccolo daimao were one and the same.
we were a single, gifted martial artist.
the time came when i learned of kami's existence, and i came here.
unfortunately, even a kami dies.
i wanted to be kami's newest successor.
however, no matter how much time passed, kami would not approve my request.
"there is an evil that dwells in the deepest reaches of your heart."
"as long as any amount of evil dwells there, you cannot become kami."
this was because in the depths of my heart, there lurked the slightest amount of evil.
kami was able to see through to it.
however, after rigorous training, i was able to drive that evil out.
that became piccolo daimao.
i became kami's successor...
but piccolo daimao fled to the ground, and seeking to rule the world,
became a cause of suffering to many.
but as he did, one young man came and appeared before him.
it was son goku.
and so, what was reborn is the piccolo we know now.
it appears that the time for that which was divided...
to be brought back together has come.
piccolo's final resolution: reuniting with kami-sama.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
before the overwhelming might of the artificial humans,
piccolo and the others endured a total defeat.
however...
damn those artificial human bastards! toy with me, will they?!
they're going to regret turning me, vegeta-sama, back without finishing the job!
i am a demon clansman! don't you ever forget...
i'm just using you to help me take over the world!
i think he's lying about taking over the world.
i'm sure piccolo has gone to become his original self with kami-sama,
thereby becoming a super namekian.
the time when piccolo and kami-sama reunite has finally come.
"walking weapons of mass destructionl! the artificial humans draw near goku."
k-kambsama...
you must know why it is i've come to this place.
yes, i know.
originally, me and you... or more accurately, your father... were a single person.
i imagine i understand what it is you are thinking.
in that case, i won't waste my breath.
quite honestly, i did not think the day would come...
that our destinies should come together again.
we won't be fusing together.
you will serve only as the means for a super power-up for piccolo.
the only justification you have for your existence any more are the dragon balls!
l-it can't be!
your words... are true indeed.
before i had realized it,
you had opened up a great difference between our powers.
as you faced one great opponent after another,
my powers were becoming all but inadequate.
k-kami-sama, that not true!
kami-sama has duty as kami-sama'.!
it's quite all right, mister popo.
even trunks, who was able to bury freeza and his father in a moment's time.
as well as trunks' father vegeta, possessed of an even greater ability than trunks...
were brought to such a terrible state by the artificial humans.
even when son goku recovers from his affliction,
he will likely meet with similar results.
it appears the time for kami and daimao...
to become one again has come after all.
that's right. what the earth needs right now is not a kami,
it's me, coupled with the super power i need to defeat those guys.
provided that... we observe events for a short while longer.
what's that...? observe?!
correct. to determine whether or not those three will bring harm to the earth.
how can you say such a leisurely thing?!
after the way they...
you were the ones who picked that fight!
besides which, they did not attempt to kill any of you.
you disgust me.
while you were up here, looking on at the world from afar,
did you not hear what trunks came to say?
he told us that the future lies in ruins because of them!
i also heard that the future artificial humans that trunks knows...
are somewhat different from these current artificial humans.
i don't suppose you're thinking that these guys might actually be little darlings?
i'm not saying anything of the sort.
but if this is to be the last judgment i make as myself,
then i would like a conclusive reason to proceed.
you worthless coward!
fine, very well then.
i'll be waiting right here.
waiting until the irrevocable happens, and you finally make up your mind.
hey, kuririn!
i'm going to go pick up chaozu and continue our training.
you are?
if the situation gets bad once again, i'll be back.
not that i think it'll help, but anything i can do...
gotcha. we'll take goku and move him to where muten roshi-sama is.
we should be able to buy him quite a bit of time there.
tell goku for me not to overdo it.
don't overdo it. he's right, you know.
this time, not even goku has a chance.
how could history be turning out this differently?
the artificial humans weren't supposed to be this incredibly powerful.
and there were only supposed to be two of them.
how should i know why?
at any rate, this time around, this is the reality.
here, goku-sa...
a car! we finally found one.
we're fine! why don't we just keep on flying?
there's no reason for us to hurry. we have the time.
well, well...
you're just pulling my leg.
no, it's true. i was shocked.
these packages are in the way.
hey, you! what do you think you're doing?!
well then, we're off. first stop, son goku's home.
before that, i said i wanted some new clothes.
all right, all right.
what am i, dreaming?
could be.
damn it all!
think i'm going to let this go?
no! this isn't over until i make you artificial humans realize...
that i am the strongest warrior in the universe!
hey, what have we here?!
hey, boss! there's a girl up here!
hey there, cutie!
ride along with us, and we'll have ourselves some fun!
you heard the man.
well, maybe we will have a little fun.
they've got a lot of guts to challenge the invincible lords of the highway!
let's get them!
scum! you won't make a fool out of me!
say, no. 17, how'd you like to try some of their clothes?
stop kidding around! those ridiculous outfits?!
thought so.
damn you!
so, they're finally giving up?!
damn you!
what?! you want some of this?!
the cops! guess you guys get to live!
stay where you are! don't make any funny moves!
there's no mistake!
this is the stolen vehicle, all right!
okay, then.
we're taking you in for questioning.
hey, you, get out! come out of there!
don't try anything!
why you! are you resisting?!
he calls that resisting.
you know what, officer?
if you want to see someone resisting...
hey, hold it! what are you doing?
doing something like this...
is called resisting.
shall we go?
there it is! that's goku's home!
say, can i ask you something?
th-those artificial humans... you're sure they're all rotten to the core?
they're unbelievably cold-blooded.
at least they are in my era. why do you ask?
oh, yeah, well, i was just thinking, it'd be great for us, you know, if they weren't...
i think you're better off not entertaining such dubious hopes.
y-yeah, of course, you're right. i was just thinking, that's all.
see ya!
gohan-chan?!
oh, it's kuririn-san.
ow! ow! ow!
nice to see you.
it's goku's wife.
n-nice to meet you.
kuririn! you're all right!
thank goodness, we've been worried!
how's goku?!
he's okay. he took the medicine and he's sleeping now.
you're the one from the future...
i get it! you beat the artificial humans for us, right?
n-no.
i'll fill you in on everything later.
right now, we have to hurry and move to muten roshi's place. all of us.
what?
there are three new, even more terrifying artiicial humans, and they'll be here any time.
th-this is terrible.
gently, now! gently!
so these new artificial humans are all that strong, then?
yeah. and "strong" just doesn't cover it.
now we just have to wait for gohan.
he took bulma home, right?
he's back!
gohan-chan!
huh?
why is everyone here?
thank goodness! thank goodness you came back unhurt!
h-has something happened?
i'll tell you later, hurry and get in the plane.
for the time being, a temporary evacuation has been accomplished.
however, even then, the sound of a new mystery...
was about to make itself known to bulma...
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the terrifying artificial humans continue to slowly close in.
their only target is son goku.
elsewhere, piccolo has come to the heavenly plane to merge with kami-sama,
in an effort to stand against them.
and, in order to escape the artificial humans,
kuririn and the others take the still-sleeping goku,
and begin ferrying him to the kame house.
"an ominous foreboding! bulma unveils a mystery."
yum!
this ramen definitely makes the cut. chaozu, you do good work.
is that so?
the soup is delicious, nice and full-bodied.
you could get by as a cook with food like this.
compared to the stuff kuririn always makes us, yours is fantastic!
how is it you can make it so well?
i'm always the one who fixed ten-san's meals.
and so, little by little...
how about it, chaozu?
why don't you continue staying here with us some?
b-but...
it won't be so bad here, training at your leisure.
isn't that just what he wants to hear?
you really just want chaozu to keep on cooking for you!
r-rubbish! i wasn't thinking anything of the sort!
sure you weren't.
no, really...
ten-san'.!
tenshinhan...
chaozu, let's go.
we have training to do.
hold on there, tenshinhan! what about the artificial humans?
did you guys defeat the artificial humans?
what's that?
you don't mean...? in that case...
ls everyone okay?
it's all right. nobody has died yet.
very soon, kuririn and the others will be bringing goku here.
please have them fill you in.
wh-what?
wait for me, ten-san!
so what could have possibly happened?
so, to them it's like a game,
but in any case, they intended to come kill goku.
a-are they really all that strong?
yep.
you can even think of them as stronger than what trunks warned us about.
this is terrible!
all this time's been gettin' away while we've been sittin' here.
what a waste!
what's the matter, mother?
well, get to it!
at a time like this?
no matter what time it is, studyin' is important!
you really are something else, chichi-san.
so what do we do now?
not that i would know... what should we do?
h-how does this sound?
what if i took the time machine back further into the past,
and destroy them before they're activated?
i know the location of doctor gem's laboratory and all...
i get you. that's a good idea, isn't it?
hold on. i thought your time machine didn't quite work perfectly, did it?
and from what goku said,
it takes an awfully long time to store enough energy to make a round trip, right?
if you go further into the past, are you sure you can return to your future?
not exactly...
you know, i was thinking, if trunks-san goes back a little further in time,
and even if you're able to destroy the artificial humans there,
what will happen to the artificial humans that are here now?
will they suddenly disappear?
gohan, you should just be studyin' like a good boy.
th-that's right! i'd forgotten!
undoubtedly, if i were to go back to the past and destroy the artificial humans,
the future of that world of that time would be saved.
but in this world, where the artificial humans are already activated,
nothing would be changed.
how does that follow?
let's see... for example,
goku-san managed to hold on to his life with the heart medicine...
i brought him from the future.
however, in my future,
goku remains long dead from his heart disease.
in other words, while there may be a future where goku-san survives,
there's still another one where he died.
from very minor events, many different futures are created.
just a minute, trunks...
you mean, even supposing that...
goku is capable of defeating the artificial humans,
in your future, won't they still exist there, same as ever?
that's right.
in that case, trunks, what did you even come here for?
after all, your world won't be changed.
mom...
mom was so ticked off by us always being clobbered by the artificial humans,
she thought it would be nice if there was a peaceful future...
where they had been beaten.
but her primary goal was to have me fight with goku against the artificial humans,
to find a weakness in them.
if that didn't work,
i would have had goku come to our future to defeat them there,
or something like that.
forgive me.
anyhow, it appears i've come to a different past than the one i knew of.
the timing of goku-san's heart disease was off, for one.
for another, there are now three artificial humans...
their strength so much greater...
but why is it that so many things are differen...?
i don't know. why is it this bad?
l-is it because of me coming back in the time machine?
there's nothin' for you to be frettin' about.
if you hadn't come,
goku would've died from his sickness.
i'm terribly grateful to you.
that's the right idea. something's going to turn up.
y-yeah, absolutely right!
we've been through so much before.
somethings bound to come up this time too! isn't it?
incidentally, do you even know where he is?
this son goku?
we'll come across that information before long.
you mean you don't know?
my, my, i suppose it's just a matter of time.
there is a mountain village in eastern sector 439...
where son goku's house is located.
you're quite the know-it-all.
did you learn that from doctor gero?
that's right.
if we flew, we could be there in a matter of minutes.
isn't that the truth! you say all the right things.
yet you still want to take the trouble to drive there.
what's the point?
stop saying that.
the point is to have fun, isn't it?
so this is where you are, son goku?
we've been looking for you, really.
are you guys artificial humans?
yeah. we're the ones who killed doctor gero.
now it's your turn to die.
dammit!
stop!
if you take one more step towards my father, you'll answer to me!
gohan! kuririn!
do you expect to stand in our way?
apparently, they want to die.
stop!
wh-why, you...
that's better.
otherwise, this wouldn't be as fun.
stop! don't you do it!
chichi!
out of the way!
i said move it!
stop!
chichi!
trunks...
are you here for another beating?
trunks, stop!
damn you!
now, then...
stop!
stopl!
father!
snap out of it, goku!
let me through!
goku-san is even fighting in his dreams.
yeah, really.
that sounds like goku.
is the man son goku even stronger?
no kidding? neither one of you is all that great, are you?
wasn't the super saiyan supposed to be invincible throughout the land?!
so what happened?!
how did it come to that... that debacle i suffered?
l-i am the super-elite prince of the saiyans!
and then, by becoming a super saiyan,
i should have been greatest in the universe!
is it because my opponents were artificial humans?
is this the most i will ever be?
no!
there's still more to be had! i am vegeta!
no matter how strong my enemy is, i will surpass them!
i will surpass them!
count on it!
and kakarrot, after i beat the artificial humans, you're next!
we'll be at muten roshi-sama's island pretty soon.
say, kuririn, shouldn't you let bulma know what's been going on?
yes, you're right.
but you want me to contact her? aw, man...
you're the one who knows the situation best. please?
all right.
your mother sure has a sharp tongue.
she's no different in the future.
er, this is kuririn calling, is bulma-san there?
ah, yes, mistress bulma. one moment please.
kuririn! what, you mean you're okay?
where are you calling from?
i thought gohan-kun should have been back by now,
but when i called his house, no one was there.
wait, never mind that, is the future grown-up son of mine, trunks there?
yes, he's right here.
he's there?
great! would you let me speak to him?
you can go ahead and talk now, he can hear you over the speaker.
okay. well, the company here got an inquiry...
from some folks in a rural area to the west.
they came across a strange abandoned vehicle,
and they wanted to keep it for themselves.
however, they couldn't figure out for the world how to start it up,
and they were asking if we could tell them.
right.
so we asked them over the phone what model vehicle it was,
but they didn't know.
we asked them if they were sure it was one of our products, and they said,
"it says right here on the body, 'capsule corporation'."
we told them, in that case, please send us a photo, and they did.
i was so surprised when i saw the photo!
it was the time machine trunks rode in, but it's damaged!
that can't be right...
no, it's right here.
i turned it into a capsule and took it with me.
he says it's right here with him.
i see, naturally...
so this isn't the one he came in.
there's some moss or something stuck to it, making it seem pretty old,
so i thought it was kind of strange.
say, how many time machines did my future self build?
how many? it was all she could manage to make just one.
that's strange.
this is definitely a time machine.
i saw the one you were in before, so i couldn't mistake it.
hey, do you have a fax there? take a look at this photo!
trunks, here.
unmistakable. this is the same time machine i rode back in.
what does this mean?
what's this? a time machine, identical to trunks'.
a cold shiver is followed by an ominous foreboding.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
son goku's house is in a mountain village in sector 439 west.
to protect the ailing goku from the approaching artificial humans,
kuririn and the others temporarily shelter him at the kame house.
just then, some disturbing facts make themselves known.
tell me, how many time machines did my future self make?
how many? it was all you could do to build just one.
yeah? this is really strange then.
this is definitely a time machine.
trunks, here you go.
another time machine. who could have been inside it?
"the discovery of an evil egg!! a terrified trunks."
there's no mistake.
this is the exact same time machine i rode back in.
how can this possibly be?
does she know the exact location of where this photo was taken?
he asks if you know exactly where this time machine is.
it doesn't say exactly,
but i think it has to be somewhere around sector 1050 west.
are you 903f197.
yes. i'd like to see this with my own eyes.
well, i'm going too. it's not too far from here.
u-understood.
see you later.
you're sure there's only one time machine, then?
yes, positive.
um...
i'll go looking with you. is it okay if i come?
gohan-chan!
it's all right, mother.
we aren't going anywhere dangerous, so you needn't worry.
that ain't it!
you're right in the middle of studyin'.
i'll do it all when i get back.
ah, here's some water for you!
mama, i have to go out for a bit, can you watch trunks?
goodness! bulma-chan, where are you off to?
i have to go meet up with the big trunks.
um, trunks-san, in the future,
you say your world was really devastated,
because of those two artificial humans?
yes. the world's population has been reduced to several tens of thousands.
most of metro west lies in a state of ruin.
somehow, we manage to survive by hiding in secret underground bases.
that bad?
i sure hope we can find some weakness in the artificial humans.
yeah.
there was that time...
the two artificial humans went against doctor gero.
no. 17! what's this?!
we have no use for the likes of this.
but he was so far into the corner by then,
he had no choice but to use them.
haven't you understood a single thing i've said?!
don't push that switch!
in the end, he was killed by them.
however, doctor gero must have determined how dangerous they were,
using progressively riskier tests.
i think he must have had some kind of device
to shut them down in an emergency.
if he hadn't, do you think he would have reactivated them?
of course, that must be it!
there's a slim possibility...
section 1050 west should be under us now.
let's start looking.
there it is! there it is!
trunks-san, it's over here!
way to find it, gohan-san!
that must be bulma-san.
i'll lead her down here.
hi, trunks!
it's your beautiful mother!
indeed.
well? let me know what you think, seeing your mom all young like this.
l-it's just... mom, you don't really change that much.
i don't change?
that means i'll keep my beauty for decades to come!
i hope no one blames me for it.
more to the point, please look at this.
this is the time machine i came in, and had reduced to a capsule.
gee, then there's no way this older one could be yours.
not exactly.
you only built one time machine in the future.
this is also the very same time machine i used to come back in.
no way.
look at this.
"hope." kib6? [kib6: hope]
yeah. these are the letters you wrote here when i took off.
naturally, they appear on the other time machine as well.
but how can that be?
it looks like this one has been here for quite a while.
hmm? this hole is strange.
it's like the glass melted from intense heat.
but this hole was made from the inside.
s-so, what? was anyone inside this one?
in any event, let's open this up.
excuse me.
there's one here, too.
what's that you've got?
it doesn't appear to be a coconut.
what? say, give me a look.
here.
no doubt about it.
this is some kind of eggshell.
eggshell?
if that's an egg, i've never seen another egg like it.
do you suppose that whatever made that hole hatched from the egg?
the energy reserves are almost on zero.
it came here from...
ase 78s?
that's three years later than the time i left!
three more years into the future!
it arrived in this era...
nearly four years ago!
this arrived here fully a year before i appeared the first time.
wh-what could have come back in here, and for what purpose?
could this be the reason history has changed so drastically?
and that's how it went.
all of that happened, huh?
it'd be great if goku were able to get better before they come looking here.
all we can do now is pray that he does.
just a minute!
if the artificial humans are after goku,
won't this house be the very next place they come looking?!
yeah, probably so.
so, doesn't that make this the next most dangerous place on earth?!
i got no patience for being in harm's way.
hey, i'm still here, you know.
i won't be defeated by them so easily. right, kuririn?
and i'm just supposed to rely on you, then?
what did you dare say?
i'm still muten roshi, spoken of as the god of martial arts!
i've even won the tenkaichi tournament, you know!
that all happened a long time ago!
now you're simply a lecherous old man!
you plan on defeating the artificial humans with lechery?
hey, no. 16. you really are the silent type, aren't you?
don't you find it dull to keep all bottled up like that?
come on, say something.
i mean, we're all taking special care to enjoy ourselves like this, aren't we?
give it up, no. 18.
he's got nothing on his mind besides killing son goku.
besides which, we're coming up on a town.
you're still looking to get some new clothes, right?
you bet!
i can finally part ways with these torn-up rags.
speed up, already!
you know, i really am a genius!
i build a time machine in the future, after all!
in any case, we can't just leave these time machines sitting around.
for now, let's turn them back into capsules.
i'll return this one to a capsule.
yes, please do.
i'll take this strange eggshell with me.
yes, be my guest.
bulma-san, the rest of us, we've gotten together at muten roshi-sama's home.
the kame house?
how come?
long story short, three artificial humans have been reactivated,
and are aiming to take my father's life.
but, since father is down with his illness, in his state,
they took him there to hide him from them.
well, why don't the whole lot of you
just get together and put them all away?
you must be kidding!
dad, myself, piccolo-sen and tenshinhan-san all took them on,
but we were powerless against them!
wow, they really must be incredible. how's vegeta? is he all right?
did vegeta go to the kame house with you?
he survived with the help of a senzu bean.
but dad didn't join up with us. he went off somewhere else.
that's just like him.
what is it?
nothing, i'm just wondering what that is...
huh? what, where?
please, come have a look at this!
what, what's wrong?
what is it, gohan-san?
over there.
what is that?
it's huge. what made this?
l-is it dead?
it isn't dead, it's a shell that's been cast-off.
a shell?
you mean the cicadas grow this big around here?
there are no cicadas like this.
could it be...?
probably,
this is from whatever came out of the egg back in the time machine.
yeah. it must have started growing, and then shed its skin.
what does that mean?
what could have possibly come out of a skin like this?
i don't know. i've never seen anything like this.
but how did it come to be here?
who could have sent this egg back through time?
for that matter, someone could have come back with this egg as well.
i don't have any idea what's going on any more.
whatever came out of here, it must have just barely happened.
what do you think?
in all honesty, you've got a bad feeling about this too?
yes!
well, i guess i should get out of here.
you guys will be at the kame house, right?
if anything happens, i'll be in touch.
right.
trunks, if you get the time, come visit!
grandma and grandpa will love it!
what exactly is happening now?
i don't know!
i absolutely do not know!
still peeping down on the lower realm?
can't say i approve of your little pastime.
i guess that ability will likely disappear once you become one with me.
enjoy it now, while you still can.
so, the uneasiness i've felt in my heart these last four years,
it was not a result of the artificial humans after all.
i'm not sure what it is either.
what did come back in that time machine?
what?
all i know is that there is a life form down on earth somewhere,
one that possesses an even greater power than even the artificial humans.
what are you talking about?!
tell me what's going on!
to be sure, the day when i turn to piccolo and forsake my office as kami,
and we stand together as one has finally arrived.
very soon now...
very soon now, something terrible will happen on earth.
this is not the kind of crisis earth has faced so many times before.
i have a hopelessly dreadful feeling about this.
a being that comes from a future even beyond trunks.
elsewhere, the artificial humans continue to pursue goku.
danger swells up on all sides. goku, get better soon!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
it isn't dead, it's a shell that's been cast-off.
this is probably from whatever came out of the egg back in the time machine.
it must have started growing, and then shed its skin.
whatever came out of here, it must have just barely happened.
a strange egg is discovered inside the deteriorated time machine,
as well as the discarded carapace of a mysterious life form.
very shortly, something awful is going to happen on earth.
and yet, it won't be the same kind of crisis that has occurred so many times before.
"to face an unprecedented foe... birth of a super namekian!!"
trunks-san...
trunks-san?!
el'. yes?
what do you suppose that strange shedding was, anyhow?
l-i don't know.
for one thing, we don't have creatures like that in my era, either.
you said it came back a whole year earlier than the time you arrived
three years ago,
which makes it a full four years ago that it arrived in this era, right?
yeah.
that's what the chronometer inside the time machine indicated.
so without anyone realizing it,
a creature that came from a good 23 years into the future...
has been growing and developing on our earth for the last four years.
yeah.
who could possibly have sent that creature, and for what purpose?
these are the best clothes the store has?
yes, quite so.
they look very flattering on you.
how do you like them?
how do you think i like them?
they're the absolute worst.
but considering how rural this place is, i guess i'll have to make do for now.
see you.
e-excuse me, ma'am, you haven't paid!
hey!
hey now, see here!
how... frightful!
hello, is this the police?
my store has been robbed! th-they drove away in...
it's the police again.
they're sure starting to get bothersome.
don't you find this a little painful to just be dreaming?
we interrupt this program to bring you this late breaking news.
about an hour ago,
we took a number of calls from gingertown, a suburban area of metro west.
we immediately dispatched an investigate crew to the scene,
but according to their report,
the town's citizens seem to have all suddenly vanished,
and there is no sign of anyone.
gingertown?
the cause for this unexpected state of affairs
is currently under investigation, as we...
that's near where that other time machine was!
c-can it be?
yes, hello?
hello? it's bulma. who's this? kuririn?
yes, it's kuririn.
gohan and trunks? no, they haven't come back yet.
okay, turn on your tv there. it's probably on every channel by now,
but i'm watching it on channel 872.
has something happened?
just hurry!
what's the matter? who is it?
it's bulma-san. she wants us to watch tv.
what is she telling us to watch?
knowing bulma, she's probably on right now.
could be.
we've just received some new information.
according to the investigation of our on-the-scene crew,
the clothing of the apparent victims of this incident
is being discovered in great numbers.
our camera crew has just arrived in the area,
so let's go there for a live update.
wh-what could this be?
i've just arrived here in gingertown,
where over 15,000 residents have suddenly vanished.
we have just made a new discovery.
15,000 people...
there are many sets of clothing here.
it appears as if the people inside them simply melted away.
as you can see in these images,
from the outlay of the clothing and the presence of the rifles,
it appears they were fighting against something...
wh-what's this?
th-the artificial humans! so, they've finally started!
i don't think so.
and i think that gohan-kun and trunks will say the same thing.
which means,
you think there might be some kind of link to the other time machine?
i don't think there can be any doubt.
when gohan-kun and trunks get there, have them tell you everything.
right.
goku-sa's sleepin' tight now.
he seems to be restin' a lot easier than before.
muten roshi-sama'.!
forgive the intrusion.
uh, kuririn-san?
g-guys, come watch this news, then answer me a question...
news?
what's this?
we heard a scream just a moment ago.
gunfire! we're hearing gunfire.
it appears that the investigative team
or the police in this direction are agitated!
it's become quiet once again.
we're going to move in as close as we can to see...
what is it?!
what is happening?! come on!!
k-kambsama'.!
wh-what is it? what is that monster?
did you say monster?
what do you mean, monster?! say something!!
what?
change it to a different channel!
right.
help us!
the screaming has stopped.
enough already!
stop keeping it all to yourself!
you're going to tell me exactly what you saw.
hey!!
v-very well.
all right, start talking.
what kind of monster did you see in the lower realm?
there's no need for me to bother speaking.
what's that?
once you and i merge and become one being, you'll know what it is i saw.
k-kambsama'.!
so, you've finally made up your mind, then?
you must have seen some kind of monster, all right.
let's hurry this up.
we cannot allow there to be any more victims.
all right!
we will be fundamentally based on who i am now, got that?
that will be fine.
you are much younger than i, and have a far greater power.
it is a matter of course.
i serve as nothing more than a means to power up,
and to contribute my vast wisdom.
now, since you are to be the base, you will place your hand upon me.
right.
k-kambsama'.!
the time is upon us, mister popo.
right now what the earth needs is not a kami...
but rather, the mighty.
piccolo has changed.
the evil in his heart has mostly disappeared.
once we merge, it is unlikely we will ever need to divide again.
thank you for all your help, mister popo.
k-kambsama'.!
f-farewell, kami-sama. don't die.
i am neither kami nor piccolo any longer.
i'm a namekian who has long since forgotten his real name.
so then, i'm off.
we have received no further reports from the scene.
in all likelihood, our own staff members
have become victims of this same incident.
so, you think it's because of whatever monster came out of that shell, then?
yeah, probably.
that's what i think.
the locations are pretty close, and all.
i'm going to go make sure.
whoa!
hold it!
it's okay.
i can become a super saiyan.
the ones we should really be fearful of are the artificial humans.
m-maybe so, but...
i-i'm going too!
you can't go!
goku-sa is still sleepin' up there!
why can't you behave a little better?!
mother, it's exactly because father is sick that i...
no way!
even if the whole universe is blowin' up, you'll stay at my side!
you mean...?
i'll go by myself.
gohan-san, if anything happens, you and the others have to be here,
to protect goku-san from the artificial humans.
right. very well.
hey, don't do anything crazy.
if it gets dangerous, come back here quick, okay?
yeah, he's right.
you're an important part of our resistance force
against the artificial humans!
right. now then, i'll be back.
so, you've shown yourself, you beast.
the mysterious monster finally reveals himself.
the world slips into a state of hopelessness previously unknown.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
k-kami-sama! don't die...
lam neither kami nor piccolo any longer.
i'm a namekian who has long since forgotten his real name.
the mysterious monster finally reveals himself.
and yet, he bears even greater, more startling secrets...
"kamehame-hal? the monster who possesses goku's ki."
so, you've shown yourself, you beast.
save me!
wh-what's this?
what sort of ki am i sensing from him?
i-impossible!
h-how can it be?!
mister popo scared.
kami-sama and piccolo united, got strong.
but still feel he not able defeat monster.
kambsama...
help me!
i am the wealthiest man around here!
i'll give you whatever money you want, save me!
hey! how about it, you?!
i don't expect you can understand what i'm saying, but release him.
even a life such as his is still a life.
s-save me...
my... mon... 93'"-
the next one to end up like this will be you,
piccolo daimao!
wh-what?! what's this?!
what's the matter, gohan?
i can feel piccolo-sank ki, but twice over!
eh? piccolo's?
what's this?
wh-who are you?!
why do you know the name piccolo?
i am your brother.
what?!
hey, what's going on?! this ki...
it's freeza's, and his father's ki as well!
i can feel others.
piccolo-sen, freeza and his father, and now dad!
so many ki, all gathered in one spot.
what's going on here?
this is impossible!
we're feeling them, all right.
but this cannot be happening.
freeza and his father are supposed to be dead.
this direction...
it's coming from the direction of gingertown,
where those incidents were reported!
that's impossible!
now there's even goku's ki...
father is definitely sleeping up here.
sector 1051 west.
right near where that egg and carapace were located.
there's no doubt about it now.
now then, what exactly are you?
tell me! let's have it all.
that won't be necessary.
see, you are about to become my meal.
so, you don't intend to tell me, then.
in that event, i'll just have to squeeze the life out of you
not knowing any more than i already do.
does piccolo daimao plan on killing me, then?
for whatever reason, you apparently know who piccolo is.
however...
however, unfortunately for you...
you're mistaking me for him.
what?!
i'm mistaking you for him, you say?
are you saying you are not piccolo daimao?
that's what i am saying.
thank goodness, i made it.
you may be everything you are,
but this unknown monster may be too dangerous for even you.
there's another incredibly powerful ki.
someone else has appeared.
yeah, just now.
just what exactly is going on?
that has to be piccolo!
but isn't this ki too far different from piccolo-san's k1"?
awesome, man! he really has united!
united? with kami-sama, like you were saying?
they're back together now, after having been apart?
right.
and since piccolo was so incredibly strong to begin with and all...
this is the ki of a super namekian!
th-this is amazing.
he was able to power up that much?
your having extinguished all the people of this city actually works in my favor.
what's that?
what do you mean by that?
it means i can go all-out.
what?!
that shockwave just now...
over there. it's started.
there was a definite atmospheric vibration a moment ago.
could you tell?
yeah.
i wonder if a volcano just exploded somewhere. or perhaps...
at any rate, it's far from here.
the suburbs of metro west.
no. 16!
there are two giant powers there, likely battling each other.
you've got power radar installed?
how come you haven't said anything about it until now?
you didn't ask.
i suppose not.
so then, can we have you tell us who is fighting whom?
i don't know.
i have no data on either one.
however, one of the powers is large enough it even rivals your levels.
what?!
chalk up yet another "miss" to doctor gero.
that radar of yours is malfunctioning.
there's no one in this world who has the power to rival mine.
utterly ludicrous.
let's go, no. 16.
th-that was...
so that's what you've got, is it?
i had you sized up as quite an abominable monster,
and it looks like i was right.
you do pretty well yourself.
no matter that i have not achieved my perfect form yet...
p-perfect form?
you don't mean...
so that's why you've been preying on these people?!
i take them as the energy of life for myself.
answer this!
who was it that sent you to this era in that time machine?!
some ally of yours?
i was the one who sent me.
that time machine was too small for this body, you see.
i had to revert myself back to my egg form in order to fit.
in any case, it surprises me that you would even know
about me and the time machine.
but...
i doubt you already knew about this...
no way, this can't be right!
it's goku-san's ki again!
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
impossible!
f-father...
wh-what is this?
can this monster even perform a kamehame-ha?!
how can this be?!
ha!!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku still has not recovered from his heart disease.
additionally, the artificial humans seek goku's life.
however, there is an absolute terror, even greater than this crisis!
the monster from the future
has sucked out the life's essence of one person after another!
in order to oppose him, piccolo merges with kami-sama,
becoming a reborn namekian warrior with enormous power!
a fierce battle has already begun between them!
"a life form of evil and destructionl! his name ls artificial human cell."
ka...
"jtig..."
th-that stance! it can't be...!
ha...
"jtig..."
how can this be?
ha!!
it's the real thing!
your life is mine!
i struck your arm, did i? the outcome is still the same.
i will take your powerful life's essence from you!
still, who could it be that piccolo is fighting now, anyhow?
i don't think there's any mistaking that it's the monster
that hatched after riding back in my time machine.
why do you suppose that thing has goku, piccolo, vegeta,
not to mention freeza and his father's ki?
why indeed.
damn! just what exactly is going on?!
goku-sa is gettin' just about over it, huh?
isn't that great, mother?
g-goku-sa?
father!
huh?
he's gone back to sleep.
but he should be opening his eyes soon, right?
a-ye p!
i'm going to go tell oolong-san and the others!
guys!
we have received word that currently, the armed forces at metro west have at length
commenced an emergency mobilization toward gingertown.
armed forces?
in consideration of the safety of the neighboring districts,
it is hoped this will allow area citizens some peace of mind.
it would be nice if there were no further casualties...
this information just in:
please watch, as we have images of one of the tank divisions
as they head toward the scene.
the images, please.
currently, we seem to be having trouble connecting with our remote unit...
ah, they're waiting? we appear to be connected.
th-that's him!
(he)', you up there!
you are completely surrounded!
surrender yourself, without any useless resistance!
you dare interrupt my meal?!
dammit! attack! attack!
we got him!
he's still alive!
what?!
you miserable cockroaches!
dammit!
fire missiles!
that was quite the annoyance.
so then, shall we continue the meal?
kambsama...
something the matter, no. 16?
there's been a fluctuation in that power reading from before.
it appears a conclusion has been reached.
from before?
you mean that one with the power that rivaled our own?
that's right.
are you still saying that?
your power radar is malfunctioning, no. 16.
there's no way in the world a power level that rivals ours could exist.
don't make me say it again.
you were lucky to get away.
but not having use of one arm, it seems the advantage has been reversed!
certainly true.
my balance is thrown off like this, making it quite difficult for me.
unfortunately, it would seem you have won!
not even you can help admitting when you're beaten!
rejoice! once i absorb the magnitude of your life's essence,
i will have drawn much closer to my perfect form.
perfect form?!
you will be of great service to me. aren't you glad?!
before i am to be absorbed by you, you have to tell me something!
what in the hell are you?!
why is it you have son goku, freeza and everyone's ki,
and are even able to perform the kamehame-ha?!
very well.
you're going to die anyway. i'll tell you.
my name is cell. i am an artificial human.
a-artificial human?!
i was born of the computer used by doctor gero.
doctor gero again!
a long time ago, doctor gero began collecting the cells of the greatest warriors,
to research how he could synthesize an artificial human from those cells.
however, because it was taking too much time, he gave up on it partway through.
but the computer continued its operation.
piccolo...
son goku...
and vegeta's cells were collected at the battle when vegeta first came to earth.
hmph, goku from that period of time, huh?
that explains why your kamehame-ha before wasn't all that great.
further...
we had the good fortune of obtaining freeza and his father's cells
when they came to earth.
we could have taken the cells of that guy trunks as well,
but there was already enough from the saiyans.
h-how did you collect the cells?!
there wasn't anyone suspicious there at the time!
you should have heard this from gero,
how all your actions have been examined via a spy robot.
there is a small robot, similar to myself.
no one is likely to have noticed it. that's what took the cells.
take a good look!
it's here even now, relaying the data of our situation back to the computer.
it probably wants to take your cells as well!
you bastard!
it's too late to destroy it now!
the necessary cells have already been collected, and the experiment has begun!
indeed, it will be twenty-four years from now when i will be completed.
impossible! doctor gero's laboratory has been destroyed!
there is still a room beneath the laboratory where the computer is!
so that's it.
once you came to this era,
why has it taken you three years to change from an egg to the way you are?
once i return myself to an egg,
i require three years underground to mature again.
that's how much time it takes.
that's all i have to say.
it's about time you let me absorb you.
one last question!
for what reason did you go to the trouble of coming here from the future?
in order for me to become my perfect form,
the absorption of human essences alone is not enough!
it is necessary for me to merge with two essential specialized life forms.
the computer has told me that those two specialized life forms were...
the artificial humans that doctor gero had created, no. 17 and no. 18!
what?!
however, in the future, where i was, for some reason...
perhaps they were defeated by that trunks guy, i don't know... no. 17 and no. 18 weren't around.
but luckily for me, trunks had his time machine!
after killing trunks,
i used the time machine to come to this era in search of no. 17 and no. 18.
wh-why did you choose this era?!
well now, trunks' time machine was already set for this era.
all i did was push the switch.
so that's it.
trunks must have set the time machine so he could come tell us
that somehow he had destroyed the artificial humans.
a-and then he came along...
the computer also told me this...
once i become my perfect form,
i will have a terrible power, far beyond imagination, in the palm of my hand!
for what reason?!
why is it you seek to have that much overwhelming power?!
what reason?
you ask such a nonsensical thing!
the computer had been input to create a strong being,
one to the very limits of its consideration!
or for that matter, it may be what the blood of the saiyans, freeza,
and piccolo that flows within me seeks!
i get it.
so then, are you satisfied?
my gratitude.
thanks to you, all of the mysteries have now been solved.
you've been quite informative!
y-you did all that to get me to talk?!
i will not allow you to become this perfect form of yours!
for you to have inherited my blood
and not realize that i could re-grow my arm makes you an idiot!
the situation has reversed!
however, the beast's depth of power is still unmeasured.
z warriors, do not allow the monster cell his perfect form!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
h-how can it be?!
ha!!
it's the real thing!
before i am to be absorbed by you, you have to tell me something!
what in the hell are you?!
i am cell, an artificial human born of doctor gero's computer!
if i merge with artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18,
i will become my perfect form, with power beyond imagination.
that is the reason i have come to this era.
the surprising identity of the monster cell is revealed.
he must be prevented from his perfect form at any cost!
my gratitude.
thanks to you, all of the mysteries have now been solved.
you've been quite informative!
why you...
"piccolo's grievous mistake! cell turned loose on the city!"
what the hell is happening?!
what is it?!
cell, even figuring in the arm's worth of energy you drew from me,
my power is still much greater than yours!
get ready!
you sure thought that through.
to think you would pretend you'd lost one of your arms
just to get me to talk...
you're quite the clever one, aren't you?
that was the wisdom of the one who used to be kami, not my own.
what?
s-so that's it!
you're the result of piccolo and kami merging together!
that's right.
heh, you just now figured it out?
which means the dragon balls have also disappeared.
once dead, no one can be returned to life.
that's rather convenient!
then it's no wonder you're so strong,
even though you still look as if you were piccolo daimao.
hmph. you still do not know my true power.
i'll show you now exhaustively what that true power is!
there's no doubt about it, he's merged with kami-sama!
who's that guy over there?
that's probably him!
the monster that came out of that shell!
trunks! what's he doing here?!
i get it. so then he also came to this era in the time machine?
what a fool!
that he should be killed by me in the future,
only to be killed in this era as well...!
h-he's a freak!
l-is he the one that killed the people of gingertown?
that's right. watch out for his tail.
the people here were all killed by it.
why is it we feel goku, tenshinhan and the other's ki from that guy?
i'll tell you all about it later.
putting him away comes first!
(put me away, you 53)'?
you think it will be that easy?
it s-spoke!
under the circumstances,
i don't think you have much chance of winning.
i certainly have no choice but to withdraw from this situation.
i'm not letting you get away!
you can't escape by using the sort of kamehame-ha you did before!
kamehame-ha'?!
how can this guy use goku's kamehame-ha?!
not just the kamehame-ha, kuririn!
if i wanted to, i could probably even form a genki dama!
i'm stunned!
he even knows my name! how?!
when i tell goku, i'm sure he'll be surprised too!
oh? son goku is still alive, is he?
of course he is!
so, he's still alive...
it appears things are turning out slightly
different from the history i know.
i will acquire no. 17 and no. 18 no matter what!
no matter how you may try to prevent me from becoming my perfect form,
it will come to nothing!
not as long as the only one that can hope to fight against no. 17
and the others is piccolo!
what?!
th-that's...!
taiyo-ken'.!
ah, dammit!
damn!
he's gotten away!
that bastard!
kuririn! wasn't the taiyo-ken tenshinhan's technique?!
the taiyo-ken isn't all that difficult a technique! goku...
and i can do it too!
why, you...!
he's suppressing his ki dissipation!
he can even do that!
that was easy!
i'll never be caught again!
so long as i act while controlling my ki like this,
there's no way they can find me!
you guys! this is dreadful!
m-muten roshi-sama, goku-sa is...
what? what's happened?!
calm down, mother!
everyone, just come up here!
what is it, what is it?
just what is the matter up here?!
shh! be quiet!
see that?! goku-sa just smiled!
oh, he certainly did!
it's true! he smiled!
hey, that means he's all but recovered, doesn't it?
it's really great!
have you guys noticed it yet?
his smile is different from any ordinary smile.
it's the same as the excited one goku gets before he fights someone strong!
oh! now that you mention it!
looks like we can count on goku after all!
he must be anticipating fighting the artificial humans,
and he's starting to get excited!
that's just like him!
once he starts to get a little strength back,
he starts thinking of fighting again, even in his sleep!
we can relax now!
h-hey, yamucha?
right? isn't that so, roshi-sama?
absolutely! what a guy!
y-yamucha!
huh? what's wrong?
u-uh, chichi-san, i didn't mean anything by that.
i am utterly against havin' goku-sa fightin' so soon after his illness!
mother, yamucha-san didn't necessarily intend...
you hush!
there's nothin' i hate more than the barbaric idea
of you makin' him fight right away!
s-sure.
yeah? i'm talkin' to each one of you here!
you got that?!
y-yes!
in that case,
keep it quiet!!
"gingertown, 50 km."
and then, once my power exceeds no. 17 and the others,
i'll force them to merge with me!
my next catch is in nickytown, is it?
"welcome! nickytown, 30 km."
senseless idiot! you got a death wish?!
what concerns me most is whether or not there exists a controller that
can shut down no. 17 and the others.
hey! don't just stand there like a moron, get out of the way!
once incapacitated, even if we are talking about no. 17 and no. 18,
destroying them will be easy.
but it's all right.
such a controller no longer exists.
what's the matter? what's going on out there?
who do you think you are, wearing that strange costume?
leave him to us!
i was just getting the urge for a little light exercise!
hey, you deranged punk, move it before you get hurt!
i can't count on much,
but even these guys will contribute some life energy.
and if piccolo and company discover me,
i'll just move on to another place!
damn you!
battle formation!
wh-what?!
vegeta?!
then he hasn't been killed by no. 17 and the others either?
still, even he has a much greater power than expected.
i'll probably have to hurry this up.
of those two guys with the mysterious, incredibly large battle powers,
one of them has disappeared!
h-however, one of them is still there!
it isn't that artificial human no. 17 or whoever,
those guys don't dissipate the slightest ki.
so who the hell is it then?
dammit, i got careless!
i should have beaten him easily!
incredible!
you lousy scum!
i will absolutely not let you become your perfect form!
p-piccolo! it can't be!
vegeta!
d-dad!
talk! what happened here?!
tenshinhan appears to be headed here as well.
once he arrives, i'll tell everyone all at once.
well then, beforehand, i want you to answer me this.
are you really piccolo?!
how did you come to have all that battle power?
why, you!
p-piccolo-san has...
piccolo-sen has once again merged with kami-sama.
wh-what's this? you merged?!
j-just from that?
i'm sure the battle power i felt before
was even higher than mine as a super saiyan!
impossible!
he's just a mere namekian!
he's here! it's tenshinhan!
what do we do?
with no. 17 and no. 18, as well as no. 16...
even with all the super power i've obtained,
i probably can't handle them.
indeed, all we can do is defeat cell himself.
um, piccolo... or rather, kami-sama... or rather, um...
what should we call you now? tenshinhan is here!
all right. i'll tell you everything.
vegeta and tenshinhan didn't see him,
but that monster that was just here was an artificial human,
independently created by doctor gero's computer.
what?!
say, just so you know, i don't like these clothes, okay?
if we come across a good city somewhere, you've got to take us there!
i know, already.
sure enough,
i'll just have to go to the city and take its citizens one by one.
l-it can't be!
me and kakarrot's cells?!
that's how it is.
in order to prevent cell from becoming his perfect form,
we have to either seek him out and kill him,
or seek out either no. 17 or no. 18 and kill them, either way.
as far as i'm concerned, i think all we can do is beat cell while he still
doesn't have all that much power.
they dare to make a fool of me?!
everyone is easily outpacing the super saiyan, greatest in the universe!
it's pissing me off! what about you, kakarrot?
here, here the humans are!
you just sit tight, no. 17 and no. 18!
in just a few days, my power will far surpass yours,
and i will absorb you!
it's a bad situation, ringing of ill fortune!
who can save the world from this despair?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
cell, an extraordinary monster who has come from the future,
continues his growth!
cell is an artificial human, created by doctor gem's computer,
from the assembled cells of goku, vegeta, freeza, and others.
when i merge with no. 17 and no. 18,
i will become my perfect form, with power to defy the imagination!
for that reason, i came from the future!
i will acquire no. 18 and no. 17 no matter what!
no matter how you may try to prevent me from becoming my perfect form,
it will come to nothing!
not as long as the only one that can hope to fight
against no. 17 and no. 18 is piccolo!
taiyo-ken'.!
ah, dammit!
damn!
will it indeed be possible to frustrate cell's scheme?
"the secret of cell's birth! what lies below the laboratory?"
and that's how it stands.
in order to merge with no. 17 and no. 18
and become his perfect form, he's come from the future.
what a fix.
so we have to find that cell guy from earlier somehow and take him down.
but can we seek him out?
now that he knows of piccolo-sank unexpectedly great strength,
won't he just assault other people while keeping his ki suppressed?
if we don't prevent cell, no. 17 and no. 18 from merging,
no matter the cost, things will get unbearable!
and not just for earth.
it will be terrible for all the worlds in the universe!
don't forget that he has freeza and his father's blood
running through him as well!
my blood too!
you've got nothing but clumsy strategies!
if he wants to merge with them, then let him!
it'll reduce the number of opponents we have to beat and save us some trouble.
i don't care what becomes of my enemy!
i'll just kill them anyhow!
don't take it so lightly, vegeta!
if they merge,
then as utterly unmanageable as no. 17 and the others were,
he'll far surpass even them!
don't you use that big-shot tone with me!
do you want to be wiped out before the artificial humans are?!
hmph! i will go beyond, count on it!
beyond even super saiyan!
go beyond even super saiyan?!
kakarrot will likely try to do the same.
that's for sure!
i am going to do this my own way!
you all do whatever you wish among yourselves!
go beyond super saiyan, he said...
beyond the terrifying strength of a super saiyan...
was he serious? is such a thing possible?
hey, trunks...
it would be meaningless to take your time machine back a little into the past
and destroy no. 17 and such, right?
yes. it would probably be fine for the future of that dimension,
but it wouldn't relate to this dimension.
well, that means it wouldn't do any good to go to doctor gero's laboratory now
and destroy that unfinished cell, huh?
no, let's destroy him.
at the very least, cell won't be able to be born in the future of this dimension.
all right, you guys go to the laboratory.
i'm going to look around the area here some more.
right.
i'll remain here too.
well, if it doesn't look like you're going to find cell,
come to the kame house.
by watching the tv news, we might be able to get a hold of his location.
okay, got it.
well then...
go beyond even super saiyan?
i've never even thought of such a thing!
certainly not.
but it could be possible, right? knowing vegeta and goku...
gohan-chan!
gohan-chan, it's your mother!
gohan-chan!
ah? gohan-chan!
so you're out here studyin', are you?
commendable, commendable! here, have a snack.
your studies are makin' progress here!
i really must have you become a great scholar, gohan-chan.
that's what i've been dreamin' of.
well, keep studyin' hard!
right!
forgive me, mother.
what i really want to do is grow strong like father,
and be of service to everyone!
hmm, "the son of a frog is a frog," indeed.
so cold!
is there really anything under this laboratory anyhow?
how should we search for it?
kuririn-san, please stand back a moment.
kuririn-san!
eh? what is it?
kuririn-san, this is probably it!
you're right. well, let's go see!
okay!
be careful.
right.
rotten piece of crap! this is that computer, huh?!
kuririn-san, please look at this!
this is surely what will become cell!
dammit, this is what has all the cells
of the martial arts masters gathered within it?
me and goku must be included in there!
just looking at it disgusts me!
l-in time, this will become a larva...
shed its skin, and become cell!
and then after that, he will suck out the life energy of others
as he approaches his perfect form!
all of it under instruction from this computer.
trunks, let's destroy this whole underground laboratory right now!
w-wait, just a minute!
they're plans!
what are they plans for? that cell guy?
no, it has "no. 17" written here.
no. 17?
his, huh?
l-if i have mom look at these, she just might
be able to catch on to a weakness in no. 17, kuririn-san!
yeah! that's a good idea!
say, are there any more? maybe the ones for cell, or...
the rest of this...
doesn't look like it would be of any use.
all right, then let's bring down this underground laboratory!
right!
because of you, we in the future have suffered!
take this!
kuririn-san, let's get out of here, quick!
okay!
now to finish you off, you bastard!
we did it, trunks!
finding no. 17's plans in there was an unexpected harvest, wasn't it?
yes!
um, kuririn-san, would you take these plans to where my mom is for me?
huh? you're not coming with me?
i want to go try training together with my dad.
if he really can go beyond being a super saiyan, then i...
that's fine, but...
well, he's your father, so i don't want to say anything bad, but...
i don't think vegeta will let you do anything with him.
for my part, i don't really want to do this either.
however, even dad has to know
that by training while sparring against each other,
we'll grow a lot faster than we will by ourselves.
all right, i get you.
you train real hard, now!
please see this through.
hang in there!
right!
this is unmistakably the work of cell.
so then his plan is to attack people for their life energy,
and store it up for himself!
not much time has passed since this happened, he must still be nearby.
why don't we go check?
do you sense anything?
n-no...
damn...
over there!
it's slight, but there's a disturbance in ki coming from over there!
you're right!
that city!
damn, we're too late! he's a quick one!
th-there's nothing we can do like this!
cell feels our ki, and quickly runs away.
and if we hold our ki, we can't go very fast!
useless, useless!
while they're prowling around down there,
i think i'll go get my next meal!
so you're saying you want us to find a weakness
in no. 17 and the others with these plans,
in order to prevent cell from merging with them.
these are incredible.
there's quite a few things here not even i understand.
what a shame. if only doctor gero had applied his genius a better way,
the world could be at peace.
from a human base,
he's been almost entirely remodeled with just organic components.
in which case, at a cellular level,
uniting the two is a definite possibility!
i won't know until i look over these thoroughly,
but these sparsely-used, small devices here may be an unexpected weakness.
we'll start investigating these right away, kuririn-kun.
right! if you would be so kind!
are we there yet, no. 16?
is it still a long way to son goku's house?
almost there.
seeking his perfect form,
the monster cell attacks one person after another!
can his merging with no. 17 and no. 18 really be prevented?
and what of goku?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
in order to combine with no. 17 and no. 18 to become his perfect form,
the terrifying artificial human cell has come from the future!
during all this, trunks and kuririn discover the plans
for no. 17 in doctor gem's laboratory.
l-if i have mom look at these,
she just might be able to catch on to a weakness in no. 17!
however, even as they are doing this,
cell continues his cruelty and slaughter over and over,
steadily storing up life energy for himself.
"goku awakens to battle! go beyond super saiyan!!"
right! one-two, one-two...
one-two, one-two...
hello? what's the matter? hello?
and so, as we continue, we relay this report from a different city.
following the incidents of the metro west suburb of gingertown,
the citizens here in nickytown have also suddenly disappeared.
there is only one person who can be thought of as the perpetrator here...
that devilish being with the power to annihilate the metro west armed forces,
and then turn this city into a ghost town in an instant!
just how long will this terror continue?
where is he now, and what is he doing?
investigators are combing the city,
but have not as yet located his whereabouts.
this has been a report from the scene.
right. that was a live relay from nickytown.
at the present time, this calamity seems likely to continue.
we urge everyone to please be cautious.
be cautious? that's a good joke!
sense anything?
no! i'm sure i felt his kia moment ago, though.
damn!
we have to make sure he doesn't become his perfect form no matter what!
sis!
kuririn, huh?
how nice of you to find me here!
i can't have you taking stabs at these people!
here i am taking a shortcut back to the kame house,
and i have to run into this terrible guy!
uh, ahem...
thank you very much.
n-never mind, hurry and run away!
right! thanks!
suits me just fine.
why don't i just have your life energy first?
hurry and get in!
i'm taking off!
it pains me to say it, but he's not an opponent i can beat!
in this situation...
taiy0~kenll.
we did it!
where is he? where'd he go?!
oh, hell!
mister!
this would seem to be the end, wouldn't it?
kuririn!
it's those guys.
he's hidden his kionce again!
are you all right, kuririn?
i'm saved!
oh, son goku is still alive?
of course he is!
it appears things are starting to turn out slightly different
from the history i know.
history is starting to turn out differently...
evidently, ever since i came here in the time machine,
things have been changing in subtle ways.
at the time,
i thought that if only goku-san hadn't died of his illness,
and instead lived,
he could save us from a future wrought with devastation
by the artificial humans.
however, when i came once again three years later,
goku-san and the others were fighting against different artificial humans...
artificial human no. 16, whom i had never seen before, appears,
and then, this guy cell or whatever also appears.
on top of that, the time machine he came back in...
it was definitely my own.
does that mean that cell coming here four years ago
was my future self's fault, in that other dimension?
by coming here from the future, with the changes to history,
have i instead plunged this world into a crisis?
i will go beyond, count on it! beyond even super saiyan!
dad...
mom, i'm going to go try to train with dad.
if dad can overcome super saiyan, why not me?
mom...
dammit! has he gotten away again?!
if he's able to search out our kiand escape every which way from us this well,
we have absolutely no way to strike at him!
if i keep taking life essences at this pace,
then the time when i absorb no. 17 and no. 18
and become my perfect form is not far off.
come on!
aren't there any decent roads?
hmph, isn't this more fun?
no. 16, aren't we at son goku's house yet?
yeah. it's right nearby.
indeed! how nice for you two to be so carefree.
won't it be easier if i do this?
see? i feel much better.
aw, how could you do such a thing?
this isn't any fun at all, is it?
you know, you really are strange.
there's quite a bit of humanness left in you.
and so, two days pass, and while a third was passing...
this time, the monster has appeared in the southern zone,
in a large city in sector 48.
we have also had reports
that over half the inhabitants have been killed already.
damn!
now it's the southern zone?
they said there were already a good deal of casualties in the metro west area.
i know!
gohan! be careful!
if we come up on him like this, cell won't be aware of our kfl.
this time, we've got him for sure!
let's defeat him before he combines with no. 17 and the others,
and becomes his perfect form!
yeah! the way we are now, we can do it!
that's right! piccolo-san is here,
and he's merged with kami-sama and gotten incredibly strong!
cell is a crafty one.
even if we do get close,
if he hides on us, there'll be no way to find him.
wh-what's that?!
have the artificial humans come attackin'?!
"yaaaa!" is uncalled for, there's no "yaaaa!"
here you are pouring water over people...
it's been a long time since i've had the pleasure of a gal!
then again, it might be a little bit difficult to still call you a gal, huh?
i should've expected as much from a former martial artist. well done!
ah, goku-sa!
goku-sa?! huh?
goku-sa?
what's wrong?
goku-sa! goku!
well, me too!
goku-sa!
chichi!
goku-sa!
sorry to make you worry so!
looks like i'm completely over my illness!
are you really okay?
yeah! see for yourself!
goku-sa!
hey, cut it out!
i inadvertently put too much power into that!
goku-sa!
sorry, sorry!
goku!
old-timer!
you've recovered from your illness?
yeah, i'm all right now!
i heard what everyone has been saying in my dreams.
i pretty much know what's going on.
looks as though things have gotten awful again, huh?
goku, don't tell me you're already...
you gotta be kiddin'!
you're thinkin' of fightin' already? you'll die!
don't worry, i ain't fighting yet.
if vegeta can't win against them now, i can't win either.
that's why i'm thinking of aiming for something higher, too.
higher?
higher than super saiyan.
son goku has finally recovered.
however, is it really possible to go beyond super saiyan?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in order to combine with artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18
and become his perfect form, cell continues to murder over and over again!
cell masks his ki, evading piccolo and the others' pursuit as if to make fun of them.
as this goes on, goku finally recovers!
don't worry! i ain't fighting yet.
if vegeta can't win against them now, i can't win either.
that's why i'm thinking of aiming for something higher, too.
higher than super saiyan!
"hasten your training, saiyans! in the room of spirit and time..."
yeah. i'm thinking of aiming for something higher than super saiyan.
a-aiming for something higher than super saiyan, you say?
is such a thing possible?
i don't know.
however, if i ain't as much as that,
i can't possibly win against this opponent.
i'll train for a year, and if it's no use, i'll give it up.
one year? if it takes that long...
it's okay.
it'll be a year, but there's a place where it will only take a day.
chichi, i want to take gohan with me too, is that okay?
y... y...
y-you've gotta be kiddin'...
is what i was goin' to say, but it's no use, so i'm stoppin'.
there's no helpin' it,
so if you're goin' to do it at all, make him good and strong!
chichi...
however, once this fightin' with the artificial humans is over,
i won't let you get in the way of gohan-chan's studyin', no matter what.
she certainly is the wife of the strongest man in the world,
and not just a "spartan mama!"
she sure has nerves of steel.
on top of that, i'm goin' to have you go to work, goku-sa.
thank you!
mmm, how nice.
well, i'm off.
he vanished! how'd he do that?
goku-sa...
haven't we reached the city where he is yet?!
nope.
if we don't do this quick, he'll run away on us again!
if we don't do this quick, he'll run away on us.
if only goku were here.
goku!
yeah, if goku were here...
goku!
you see, with goku's instantaneous movement...
father!
whoosh! we'd be... oh?
yo'.!
right, just like that, he could appear anywhere... huh?
go-go... go...
yo, kuririn!
gokuh.
goku! i've missed you!
man, have i been waiting for this! when did you wake up?
you're all better then?
yeah. my stomach's on empty, though.
your stomach?
that's just like you, goku! you really are better, huh?
yeah, i'm okay now.
father!
kamiccolo-sama!
what?
don't merge the names together.
my base is mostly piccolo, so you can just call me piccolo.
oh, really? well then, piccolo...
what is it?
the way i am now,
there ain't no way i can win against the artificial humans or this cell guy.
so i'm taking gohan with me, and we're going to go train.
to the place where we can train for a whole year in just one day.
what was that?
you want to go to the room of spirit and time, then?
i see now.
however, there hasn't been anyone that was able to spend an entire year in there.
it was all you could do to spend a month in there so long ago.
i'm taking vegeta and trunks with me too.
they're sure to be able to take it.
in that case, hurry and go, goku.
cell is rapidly killing people, and rapidly becoming stronger.
if he combines with no. 17 and becomes his perfect form on us, there's going to be trouble.
right!
goku, let me ask you something.
now that an enemy even more incredible than freeza has appeared,
are you scared?
or instead, are you happy?
both.
he's sure an imprudent one!
here we are at a time when people are being killed and the earth is about to perish.
this is great! it looks as though goku hasn't given up yet!
a little bit of hope has come into view!
he really just might go beyond super saiyan!
goku-san!
how are the results of your training?
it's no good.
dad only sees me as a nuisance.
i ask him to train with me,
but he only persists in saying i'm in his way and to get lost.
and far be it from training,
dad has just stood there motionless for the last three days.
as might be expected of vegeta.
apparently he's starting to faintly see what lies ahead of super saiyan.
you're in the way, kakarrot. get lost.
don't say that, i know a good place to train.
there's a room in the temple at kami's home
where you can get a year's worth of training in just one day.
really?
yeah. come with me.
i ain't necessarily saying you'd have to train with me.
however, the room has a capacity of two.
there ain't much time, so i'll have you go in with trunks.
fine, provided that i go in first.
yeah.
provincial clothes...
provincial house.
son goku lives in a place like this?
indeed, son goku isn't here, nor anyone else. they've fled.
so it seems.
can you tell, no. 16, where he is now?
i can't sense son goku's power on my radar.
however, assuming he's gone to one of his friends' places,
there's either the capsule corporation in metro west,
or muten roshi's small island in the southern f region.
makes sense. so, which one is closer?
muten roshi's house.
about 2700 kilometers southeast of here.
okay, let's go.
my, my!
dammit, are we too late?
and i thought for sure we were going to take him down this time!
it's him!
got it. come.
there is tub, toilet and food. good luck with training.
kakarrot, why are you encouraging me to train, too?
my final objective is you, you know.
our opponent this time probably ain't the kind of opponent one of us can beat alone.
you must have realized this too.
you may come to regret doing this.
here. who will use first?
vegeta and trunks will go in ahead of us.
okay -
enter.
excuse us, goku-san.
hang in there, trunks. make nice with vegeta!
good luck!
it's hot! and the air is thin, too!
the gravity is many times greater as well!
what is this?!
there's nothing here! nothing but white space!
it's impossibly vast!
this is what goku-san couldn't bear for a month's time
before he started not feeling right?
yes indeed. this is fine.
a year with dad in a place like this?
it didn't work, huh? damn him suppressing his ki!
this just isn't any good.
there's any number of places he can hide, after all.
this is bad. by now, he must be getting quite strong.
and we don't know when he'll combine with no. 17
and the others to become his perfect form.
at this point, the only thing we may be able to do
is hope goku and the others really do go beyond super saiyans,
and then together, defeat no. 17 and the others.
and so, after just about one whole day had passed from the time.
vegeta and trunks entered the room of spirit and time...
this mysterious devil continues to strike as ubiquitously as ever,
and his victims are now said to number several hundered thousand... dammit, enough already, cell!
meanwhile, the whole world continues to live in terror of this devil... why, you...!
blasted cell!
yo. is son goku here?
d-damn! is this good timing, or poor?
son goku does not seem to be here.
is that so?
wake up! we've got visitors of the worst kind.
what? what is it?
go on back right now! son goku is not here!
so it seems.
well then, why don't we have you tell us where he is?
h-how did they know about this place?
do you think we would just dutifully tell you?
well, i'm not sure.
if you don't tell us, we intend to force it out of you.
th-they're the artificial humans i've heard about?
i see. well, you can try.
there's an island over there with no one on it. let's do it there.
dear, dear, you never learn...
you guys stay here.
you have to know you would be of no use.
say, do you think he can win?
it's impossible! he's got three opponents!
it's just about time for two of the four among goku
and the others to finish their training!
until then, we'll have to rely on you, piccolo!
unless you say something, i'll kill you for sure this time.
understood?
it won't be as easy as it was last time.
at last, no. 17 and piccolo's fight begins!
just how great is piccolo's true power, now that he's combined with kami?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
cell kills again and again, powering himself up!
at the same time, goku, at last, fully recovered...
there's a room in the temple at kami's home where you can get
a year's worth of training in just one day.
really?
enter.
the training to try for something even higher than super saiyan has begun.
however, as one day had just about passed, the worst situation of all came up!
where is son goku?
if you don't tell us, we intend to force it out of you.
i see. well, you can try.
there's an island over there with no one on it. let's do it there.
dear, dear, you never learn.
"the gekiretsu kodan that split the heavens!! piccolo vs. artificial human no. 17."
unless you say something, i'll kill you for sure this time.
got it?
it won't be as easy as it was last time.
it taxes my comprehension why you would fight a battle you can't win.
are you buying time?
or is it that you're just a fool?!
so, if you're going to bring it, bring it!
will you alone be the one fighting, no. 17?
of course!
someone the likes of you naturally won't even be a match for me.
yes! if i have only one opponent, something just might come of this!
if i can defeat either no. 17 or no. 18, i can prevent cell from becoming his perfect form!
here we are so far away,
and yet it's as if he's raising his ki right before our eyes!
a-awesome!
to think it was this high!
no. this isn't anything!
piccolo merged with kami-sama can raise his kimuch, much higher!
this is just the beginning.
l-is that true?
k-kambsama'.!
it's started! the one who's fighting is piccolo!
could his opponent be that cell guy?
no, i can't feel his opponent's ki.
it's probably the artificial humans!
it can't be!
piccolo-san will be killed!
there ain't no use in going!
our levels differ too much right now!
do you want to weigh him down?!
very soon, vegeta and trunks will come out all powered up!
wait until then, it'll be all right!
besides which, piccolo has become a master like you couldn't believe!
right! kami-sama and piccolo are not easily beaten.
not yet, vegeta?
was it impossible to go beyond super saiyan after all?
how can this be?
that's not piccolo!
what?!
a-annoying pest!
you're not getting away!
what?!
dear me...
impossible! with my speed...!
it's impossible!
get cocky with me, will you?
p my gentle, good little boy, p.
p fortune smiles on you... p.
hey, he's finally fallen asleep.
really? that's good.
so, how's your shutdown device coming along?
ah, there's still a lot of hard work!
according to these plans, there are several dozen shutdown sensors all wired in here,
and unless you cut them all off at the same time, it'll be meaningless.
you don't say.
even if i can create all the code it takes for the shutdown,
i still have to input it on all the frequencies for each circuit.
it's making me feel faint.
of all the...! what kind of thing has doctor gero created here?!
there, there, there! there, there, there!
i want to cry too!
brace yourself, you oversized-scumbag!
take this!
how about this?!
he repelled it!
this certainly is much better than before!
it's quite entertaining of you, isn't it?!
he's half-playing.
he really is disingenuous, isn't he, no. 16?
wh-who the hell has the upper hand here?
is it piccolo? or is it the artificial humans?
hey, it has to be piccolo!
can anyone overcome such ferocious power?!
i'm not so sure.
since we can't sense his opponent's power, we'd better not get caught up in the excitement!
yeah, the artificial humans don't dissipate ki, after all...
what's the matter? finished already?
really! enough, already!
no. 17, hurry up and put him away!
or shall i take over?!
don't be ridiculous!
you expect me to switch with you during the part i enjoy most?!
you're the same way too, i bet.
i suppose so.
this isn't it at all.
this isn't yet my power, the greatest in history!
it isn't? well, let me see it!
this again?
it's no use, no matter how many times you do it!
you disappoint me!
did you really think such a technique would work against me??
where the hell are you aiming?!
there's nowhere left for you to run!
this is as far as the greatest in history goes!
go to hell!
wh-what is it?!
a b-barrier?!
too bad.
that's a pity, isn't it?
ha! i'm still just getting started!
let's change locations.
someone has destroyed the island, after all.
you have to take better care of nature!
this intense ki is that of piccolo, combined with kami.
the opponent he would be fighting at such a high power must be...
it could only be no. 17 and the others!
i've found you! this is good timing!!
i'm saved!
i'm coming now! you just wait!
my power is already even greater than yours!
at last, cell realizes where no. 17 and the others are!
the situation deteriorates even further!
goku, please hurry with your training!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at last, goku has recovered.
however, it is already too late.
a battle between piccolo and the artificial human no. 17 is already underway.
too bad. that's a pity, isn't it?
ha! i'm still just getting started!
this ki is that of piccolo.
the opponents he would be fighting at such a high power...
could only be no. 17 and the others!
you just wait!
my power is far greater than yours!
cell has begun moving out in earnest, heading toward his perfect form!
what has been feared is now coming true.
"how i have waited for this day!! cell's prologue to perfection."
for not even being an artificial human, you have fantastic power.
it is certainly apparent that you are not piccolo daimao.
of course, i have no interest in your identity.
i only want to know where son goku is.
as usual, i don't suppose you are of the mind to tell us, are you?
your objective is to kill goku.
there's no reason that i should tell you where he is.
well then, shall we continue the fight?
i think you'll come to want to speak.
this time, i'm fighting like i mean it!
your speed is decent.
but your punches don't seem to have enough weight behind them.
what was that?!
how nice of you to talk so big.
as you face the strongest man in history, artificial human no. 17...
that guy really is strong.
he's evenly matched against no. 17.
piccolo-sen, hang in there!
keep it up, piccolo!
until vegeta and trunks' training is finished...
yeesh. how many islands are you going to destroy before you're satisfied?
a-awesome. piccolo still seems to be hanging in there.
dammit, are we just going to stay here like this?
how can this be?!
wh-what's wrong?
h-he's coming closer! at a time like this...!
c-cell?
l-it can't be!
i've waited a long time for this day to come!
the day when i become my perfect form!
ah, there, there! there, there! googley googley goo!
don't cry, now. don't cry.
bulma, i can't manage him!
this is the last frequency.
once i finish punching in this data, it will be complete!
say, dad, keep trunks quiet a bit longer!
yeah, well, you see...
you're his mother, ain'tcha?
come look after yer baby some! it's more'n i can stand!
'nbelievable! bein' raised by such a cold mother like this,
in time this kid's gonna go bad!
horsefeathers! there's no need to worry about that!
trunks is going to become an incredibly cool and handsome young man, after all.
aren't you, trunks?
is it okay now? are you finished?
with this, we'll be able to utterly terminate artificial humans' actions!
my, my!
what do we do, kuririn?
h-how can i answer something like that?
if this cell monster were to absorb the artificial humans now,
all of our hopes would vanish.
damn!
kuririn! bulma's callin' on the phone for you!
come take it!
she's sayin' somethin' about havin' found a weakness in the artificial humans!
what's that?! what?!
that's right!
no. 17 and no. 18 have emergency shutdown circuitry...
incorporated into their bodies!
once we shut off activity in those circuits,
then no matter if they are artificial humans,
you can destroy them easily, right?
yeah! i just completed a controller that will do it!
say, can we beat the artificial humans?
uh huh...
beg your pardon, but could you bring it here right away?
right now, piccolo-sen is fighting with them... the artificial humans!
sure! i'll leave right away!
great! if we destroy no. 17 and the others, cell cannot become his perfect form!
destroy, huh?
what is it?
l-it's nothing.
well, i'm off.
take good care, if you please.
what's this "if you please"?!
you were gonna leave here all by yerself, weren'cha?
the earth is in great danger! let me go!
f-father! cell has... cell has started to move!
yeah. i know.
still not yet?
vegeta is extremely gifted.
he should have overcome the super saiyan wall long ago.
please hurry, vegeta.
what will happen cannot be undone!
our powers may be evenly matched,
but there appears to be a gap widening between our stamina.
my energy will never drop!
c-cell!
at length, cell has appeared!
has the time at last come...
for him to merge with no. 17 and no. 18?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
piccolo continues his fierce battle to the death with artificial human no. 17.
until goku, vegeta and the others return from their training...
in the room of spirit and time,
he must hold out, no matter what!
elsewhere, bulma had finally completed a controller...
that can shut down the actions of artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18.
however...
already out of time, cell reveals himself to absorb no. 17 and no. 18!
"the suicide counterattack proves ineffective! piccolo's flame burns out!!"
c-cell!
hell, i was preoccupied with the fight, and didn't notice him!
what's with that strange guy?
what? doesn't he know?
no. 17 and the others don't know about cell!
at last, the day of commemoration has arrived!
the day when i merge with no. 17...
and no. 18 and become my perfect form!
no. 17!
no. 18!
who is this one?
judging by his red ribbon marking,
i have to think he is one of doctor gem's artificial humans.
well, in any case, he is an older model.
it will be okay to ignore him.
what are you going to do about it, piccolo?
if you wish to interfere, come right ahead.
for you to have powered up to that extent...
just how many people have you sacrificed?!
sacrifice? hmph, rubbish!
on the contrary, it is an honor to become a fraction of my power.
what?!
h-how can it be?!
cell's ki has gone up unbelievably!
it's all over now! we're powerless!
there's nothing we can do!
for bulma to bring that controller to stop no. 17 and the others,
it'll take her 20 minutes, however fast she may be!
in that case, you could go and get this controller thing from her.
doin' that would get it to you faster than just waitin' around here.
th-that's it!
you guys are all soft in the head!
that's how you get from doin' nothin' but fightin'.
i'm going to go fly there and pick it up!
if i fly all-out, i'm a lot faster than bulma-san's plane!
kuririn...
i'm going to go help piccolo!
even if i can't do anything for him, it's better than just waiting here!
s-stop!
tenshinhan, get back here!
do you want to throw your life away?!
damn, there's not a thing i can do now.
i yearn for the days when i was acclaimed as muten roshi,
the greatest in the world.
goku, hurry and finish your training, and come back to us!
you may get a year's worth of training in one day,
but right now, that one day is too long!
goku-sa! gohan-chan!
still not yet, vegeta?!
i don't know what you are, but you're in the way!
get lost at once!
i'm playing with him right now.
no. 17!! he plans to kill you and absorb you into himselfl!
run!! what?
sneak attack? toy with me, will you?
what is this?
this monster is going to absorb me?
in short, his name is cell,
and he's a beast that's been created up by doctor gero's computer!
he's still incomplete, but once he absorbs you and no. 18,
it seems he will finally become his perfect form.
what did he say?
rejoice, my siblings!
when you become a part of my body,
it will mean the birth of the perfect super-being,
with power greater than any other!
we will be the very ultimate warrior that doctor gero was pursuing all those years!
that's enough of your nonsense!
you expect me to let myself be absorbed by the likes of you?!
and as for ultimate warriors, there's already one here!
your will is of no matter.
that you will be absorbed is already certain!
i'm going to silence that troublesome mouth of yours for you!
get out of there, no. 17!
the enemy's battle power is far too great!
he must not be allowed his perfect form!
his aim is no longer the death of son goku...
he intends to destroy the whole universe!
my! my'
here i'm thinking you finally have something decent to say,
and you tell me to run away?
don't you make me the fool!!
die!!
dammit!
are both no. 17 and that guy like piccolo just being sloppy?
that isn't it.
this cell guy is just too strong for them.
you at least should run away, no. 18.
no. 17 will not listen to my warning.
if no. 17 is absorbed, he will be beyond anyone's control.
it will be the end of the world.
what are you going to do, no. 16?
you go to hell!
yikes!
piccolo got him!
he did not get him.
on the contrary, he has not even taken damage.
h-how can this be?!
there's nothing that can be done!
our worlds are too different!
get out of here, no. 17!!
his neck is broken! this is bad!
it appears i've gotten too strong for you, haven't i?
it's because i got overly enthusiastic...
and killed more humans for their energy than was necessary.
see you around.
h-he did him in!
his ki has vanished. then we weren't in time?
kambsama'.!
gohan!
wait, gohan!
piccolo-sama!! piccolo-sama!!
gohan! if you go now, you can't beat him!
wait!
in any case, all we can do is wait!
still not yet, vegeta? what are you doing?!
piccolo at length has fallen before the terrifying artificial human cell.
at this rate, he will absorb no. 17 and no. 18...
and become his perfect form.
will vegeta, goku and the others make it in time?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
get out of here, no. 17!!
piccolo fought to stop cell...
from absorbing artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18...
and becoming his perfect form. however...
see you around.
cell was utterly too strong!
wait, gohan!
piccolo-sama!! piccolo-sama!!
if you go now, you can't beat him! wait!
in any case, all we can do is wait!
"one final remaining hope... no. 16, the wordless warrior, takes action!!"
i can't wait any longer! i don't want to wait!
father, i'm going!
wh-why?
i thought i told you to wait!
but at this rate, everyone will become casualties of cell!
gohan,
what your dad says right.
po po-san...
if go now, cannot defeat cell. only increase casualties by one.
even so-even so, it's better than just waiting around here...
looking on as everyone else gets killed!
you saiyans only hope left in world to defeat cell.
if waste this important life, kami-sama... no, piccolo angry!
look!
vegeta, get out here, quick!
even having merged with kami,
he was still no match for me, all powered-up!
sorry to keep you waiting.
you will cease all your useless resistance.
since you're going to be absorbed anyway,
there are to be no pained feelings.
i will be taking you very shortly!
if you're coming at me, then come on!
useless resistance, you say?!
i won't be had so easily!
you monstrous punk!
you expect me to let you absorb me?!
this is bad! the difference in their power is too great!
trunks!
you must not touch this!
this is something very important, after all!
oops, this isn't any good.
you mustn't cry, trunks!
trunks, let's say "hello" and talk on this, okay?
it'll be fun!
so, i wonder who will answer.
will it be that dirty old man turtle hermit?
or will it be that shaven-headed kuririn?
hi! this is bulma! is anyone there?
oh, bulma?
see, they answered!
bulma, can you see kuririn from there?
huh? kuririn?
i don't see him, why?
no, huh? kuririn is actually headed towards you.
oh, really?
that way i can hand over the controller sooner, which works for me!
yeah. in any case, we're on the verge of a real fix.
if we don't stop no. 17 and the others soon,
then once they're absorbed by cell,
it'll be the end of everything!
that's true.
i'll be careful so i don't miss seeing kuririn!
okay, trunks, we're going to hyper-speed!
what's wrong?
i thought you weren't going to be had so easily, right?
this is why i told you to cease your useless resistance.
it certainly appears that i'd be better off running away.
yeah, that's right. escape by yourself.
if you and no. 17 are both absorbed, that's when the end comes.
for the world, that is.
what are you going to do?
i'm going to destroy cell.
the time for me to fight has come, even before encountering son goku.
what are you doing, no. 16?!
stop! you'll be killed!
you guys are good folks.
you didn't take the lives of either humans
or animals for the fun of it.
i enjoyed travelling together with you.
what does he think he's doing?
is he thinking of fighting with cell?
looks as though you don't even have the power to get up.
isn't it about time you let me absorb you?
l-let me go, you ugly monstrous freak!
just looking at that squashed bug-looking face of yours...
makes me want to puke!
blah, blah, blah, blah, blah! babble all you want!
you're about to become one with this "monstrous freak."
dammit!
and now i will have you.
damn you, monster!
so, another reckless fool appears, huh?
what are you doing, no. 16?
don't tell me you intend to fight?
there is no other way.
a-are you planning on getting yourself destroyed?
by my calculations, cell and i both possess about equal power.
what?!
h-he's fighting blow-for-blow with cell!
hmph! how simple!
so, shall i absorb you then?
y-you're...
damn, you're completely robot?!
oh, your speed is really something.
well, how about this?
my tail isn't just there for the purpose of absorbing things!
good bye!
h-he did it!
now you will no longer be able to absorb no. 17 and no. 18.
he's really gotten him for us!
what a pity, huh?
i have piccolo's cells incorporated within me.
i can regenerate myself, at least to an extent such as this!
at last, no. 16 displays his unassailable power!
however, does cell's power rise above even his?
hurry, vegeta and trunks!
cell must not be allowed his perfect form!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
in order to protect no. 17, no. 16 at last steps forward.
no. 16 fights evenly balanced against cell with his incredible power. however...
i can regenerate myself, at least to an extent such as this!
"no. 17 swallowed... the transforming cell ls a super gourmet."
then in order to keep you from becoming your perfect form,
there's nothing i can do but squash the very life out of you?
such a thing is impossible, however.
i won't know until i try.
i do know.
hell's flash!!
what an incredible shockwave! what's going on?
unfortunately, it's not piccolo.
his ki vanished a bit earlier.
is it cell?
or is it no. 17 and the others?
in any case, i have to hurry and bring back the controller.
that's the only thing i can do right now!
f-father!
yeah. i felt it too.
th-that cell guy's ki has suddenly gotten small!
i don't know who you are, but keep it up!
until the time when vegeta and trunks finish their training!
u-unbelievable!
he's that strong?
n-no. 16...
incredible...
are you still here? i thought i told you to get away, no. 18!
it's okay now, isn't it? you've taken care of him!
i haven't beaten him at all!
he has to have taken damage,
but he's not the kind of opponent to die from such an attack!
no. 17, while you have a chance! you get out of here too!
get out of here, you say?
you've got to be joking!
he's given me a rough time of it,
and you expect me to run off without scaring the hell out of him?!
he's taken damage, right?
then i will finish him off with my own hands!
come on out, you monstrous freak!
what's the matter, weren't you going to absorb me?!
i will neither run nor hide!
not until i've squeezed your life's breath from you!
no. 17, behind you!! it's cell!!
as you wish, i've come forward!
oh, hell!
h-he swallowed him!
run away, no. 18!
what are you doing?! run!!
you'd better get out of here too!
that cell guy's ki has billowed up incredibly!
this isn't good!
no. 17 or no. 18... one of them appears to have been absorbed by cell!
come on, let's get out of here, no. 18!
wh-what incredible speed!
this is bad. this is really bad!
did you think you would be able to escape from me?
forgive me, chaozu. i just might die.
even i myself am surprised by my magnificent speed.
of course, this is due to absorbing no. 17.
i wonder how my power is.
oh, it appears to have gone up quite a bit as well.
now then...
that's good.
you at least understand that trying to escape from me
is an utter waste of effort.
you're a sharp one.
and so, now it's your turn.
together, let us create the perfect form!
just try coming any closer! i'll blow myself up if you do!
if i die on you, you're screwed, right?!
do you hear my voice, no. 18? it's me, no. 17!
i've now joined bodies with cell.
it's a great sensation! it's wonderful!
you should have yourself absorbed right away!
only by doing that can we become the ultimate life form!
n-no. 17...
d-don't fall for it, no. 18!
that is cell!
he's only using no. 17's voice!
you keep your unnecessary remarks out of this! be silent!
robots cannot understand our feelings.
come, no. 18. there is no losing your way.
hurry and become one with us, and obtain the greatest of powers!
then we will carry out doctor gero-sama's will...
defeating son goku, and placing the entire universe in our hands!
you are not no. 17!!
we hated doctor gero for reconstructing us as he pleased!
under no circumstances would he ever say "doctor gero-sama!!"
having come to this, i will absorb you, even if i have to force you!
cut out the useless resistance!
for you to launch an energy blast, you will need a moment to charge it.
there's a possibility
that i can move sooner than that and prevent your suicide.
give it up!
dammit!
small fry! what the hell is it you're trying to do?!
shin-kikohou.!
this ki...!
it's tenshinhan-san's kfl.
d-don't tell me tenshinhan is taking on cell!
what are you doing?! get out of here, now!!
why, you!
can you fly?
yeah, more or less.
cut it out! stop it already! stop it, tenshinhan!
if you use the kikoho technique any more than this, you'll die!
cell has at last absorbed no. 17.
stop it, tenshinhan!
not even tenshinhan's shin-kikoho has an effect on cell...
as he approaches his perfect form!
will the saiyans, vegeta, trunks, goku and gohan, be in time?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the terrifying monster cell has at length absorbed no. 17.
even i myself am surprised by my magnificent speed.
of course, this is due to absorbing no. 17.
i wonder how my power is.
he closed in, in an effort to absorb no. 18 as well.
however, just then, it was tenshinhan who stood forward!
shin-kikohou.!
"tomorrow, i am going to pulverize you!! goku's challenge."
what are you doing?!
run away!
run away from here!
come on! now, while we can, no. 16!
r-right...
let's go, no. 16!
d-damned if i'm letting you get away!
why, you...!
r-rotten monster!
t-tenshinhan-san is hanging in there.
but his ki is dropping rapidly!
tenshinhan's shin-kikoho... uses considerable energy.
even so, everything he can do, stop cell from moving.
if keeps this up...
s-stop it, tenshinhan!
don't use your kikoho any more!
i said stop it, and i mean stop it!
s-still, the only one who can keep cell in check right now is me...
a-as long as my energy holds out...
s-such an enormous kl'.
h-how will this turn out?
c-chaozu...
t-ten-san's g-going to die...!
s-sorry, chaozu.
there isn't anything we can do. he's just too strong!
what are you sayin'?!
goku-sa's still around, isn't he?!
gohan-chan's gettin' stronger!
on top of that, goku-sa's about to go and take care of that monster!
it's no good! tenshinhan's ki has dropped substantially!
if things keep going like this, tenshinhan will be...
ten-san...
chaozu, let's go!
right!
h-hold on!
even if you do go, there isn't anything any more that you can do!
not only that, but you will just add to our casualties!
but...! it's just as chichi said.
all we can do is wait for goku to come!
i hate it myself, the same as you.
you've got to understand!
damn...!
t-ten-san...
goku-sa...
t-ten-san!
damn. they've escaped, have they?
can't you move?!
to think that i could possibly have been hindered by the likes of you!
h-he'll be killed!
t-tenshinhan-san!
damn...
you look like you'll die even if i leave you be...
but i'll eradicate you anyway!
f-father!
wh-what?!
son goku?
so you're cell?
h-how did he just appear?
it looks as though you're one fantastic monster.
i'd like to settle everything right here, but no matter how you shake it up,
there ain't no way i can win the way i am now.
however, just you wait one more day,
and i'll be sure to thoroughly defeat you, you'll see!
of all the things i would have expected you to say!
after one day, you're going to show me that you can defeat me?!
that's right!
in just one day, what is it you're saying you can do, huh?
it's piccolo's ki! piccolo is still alive!
what?
tenshinhan, don't you leave me!
there he is!
hey, piccolo! stay with us!
h-how did those guys move...
in that one instant?
piccolo, tenshinhan, both of you are going to be all right now!
once we get back to kami-sama's palace,
the senzu we got from karin-sama will be there!
you're planning to run away?
that will not do, son goku!
they vanished!
that's a peculiar technique.
son goku, when did you come up with that technique?
well, right now that doesn't matter.
i have to catch no. 18.
lousy gal, she couldn't have gotten too far away
together with the broken-down no. 16!
p-piccolo-san!
thank goodness you're alive!
gohan, give them both a senzu!
right!
it's bulma-san!
what's the matter, trunks?
ku... kurin... kuririn...
kuririn?! where? say, where is he?
you were right! well done, trunks!
way to find him!
you really are gifted!
just what you'd expect from any child of mine!
bulma-san!
bulma-san, please give me the controller to shut down
the artificial humans right away!
i know!
here it is!
this is the controller, huh?
however, you must get within ten meters of them, or it will have no effect.
don't forget that when you use it, okay?
t-ten meters?
th-that's pretty close, huh?
even so, i had to work very hard to make that!
l-i understand.
i'll be careful when using it.
and, besides that...
i had battle suits made for everyone, the same as the kind vegeta requested.
will you take these while you're at it?
they're light, but pretty tough!
it's goku and the others that need those!
they should be at kami-sama's palace,
so bulma-san, could you take them there for us?
kami-sama's palace?
as i remember, that's way above karin-to tower, right?
that's right!
sure thing!
i'll take them there for you!
in return, kuririn, you hang in there and destroy the artificial humans, okay?
r-right!
well, let's fly on over to kami-sama's palace!
kuririn.
damn. where did that miserable no. 18 disappear to?
are you really all right, piccolo-sen, tenshinhan-san?
yeah! the senzu truly do work well!
anyhow, tenshinhan, you really were reckless, huh?
really! i was worried too!
but thanks to you, tenshinhan-san, we got away...
without no. 18 being absorbed by cell, and that's great!
still, that monster cell has an abnormal strength.
frankly, no one is able to beat him.
not even vegeta. not even goku. that's what i think.
hey!
goku! vegeta and trunks about to come out of room!
really?
vegeta and trunks finally emerge.
were they indeed able to surpass super saiyan?
can they stop cell's ambitions to become his perfect form?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the monster cell exhibited frightening power!
piccolo had fallen, as had tenshinhan.
however, at the last possible moment, goku appeared!
i'd like to settle everything right here,
but no matter how you shake it up, there ain't no way i can win the way i am now.
however, just you wait one more day,
and i'll be sure to thoroughly defeat you, you'll see!
goku and the others escaped to the temple...
using the instantaneous movement technique.
right now, son goku does not matter!
i have to catch no. 18!
burning with ambition, and having already absorbed no. 17,
the evolved cell took off after no. 18.
"i will dispose of everything!! a reborn vegeta, father and son, sally forth."
please excuse us. we've kept you waiting.
we've really been waiting for this!
 trunks-sen! trunks, you've really gotten all strong, huh?
you been in quite long time.
popo not know anyone been in this long.
once we entered, dad appeared
to have already overcome the super saiyan wall in two months.
but even then, he didn't appear to be satisfied,
and all the time up to now has been...
trunks!
don't say what you don't have to.
it went pretty well, huh vegeta?
hmph, i suppose.
but even if you were to go in now and train, it won't do any good,
because i'm going to dispose of everything...
including cell and the artificial humans.
what?!
vegeta, i don't know how strong you may have gotten,
but you're taking them too lightly.
while you were in that room,
cell absorbed the artificial human no. 17, and has gotten even stronger!
you'll be surprised at his strength.
vegeta, i went and saw the evolved cell myself for just a moment.
he was one abominable monster!
this is no time to be playing around!
we have to hurry to kami-sama's temple!
trunks, we're speeding up!
that's it!
he looks like he's angry about something. oh well.
damn that wretched no. 18!
where did she vanish to?
she's together with that injured no. 16.
they couldn't have gotten too far.
that miserable cell! aren't you upset, no. 16?!
you really are a strange one!
i don't have any idea what it is you're thinking!
you tried to help us.
you, who were built solely for killing son goku.
so this is kami-sama's temple, huh?
hey there, everyone!
where are you? if you're here, come on out!
that's bulma-san's voice!
they're here, they're here!
bulma, why are you here?
i asked kuririn.
he said you were all here.
good day!
huh?
say, say there, you're trunks, aren't you?
you are, right? uh... right...
why has your hairstyle changed?
is it a wig?
whoa, and haven't you gotten taller?
th-there is a mysterious room in kami-sama's temple here,
where one year inside is the same as one day outside.
me and dad trained together in that room...
huh?
but hey, even taking that into account, vegeta's hair hasn't gotten any longer, has it?
the hair of a pure saiyan does not
undergo any weird changes from the time they're born.
yeah? is that so?
so that's why i've always had...
haven't you ever noticed up until now?
yeah, i've always thought it was a little strange, but still...
you amaze me.
this is no time for you to be speaking about things of no importance!
why the hell have you come here, bulma?!
right, right. i'd forgotten.
see, that battle suit that vegeta requested to be made?
it's got an incredible defensive capacity, right?
so, i had them made for everybody and brought them here! see?
wow, this takes me back!
these are the clothes i wore on planet namek!
this is unexpectedly light, huh?
so this is a saiyan battle suit?
it took a lot of effort for me to make them out of the same material, you know!
as i might have expected of bulma-san!
no, no, you flatter me!
huh? aren't you guys going to wear them?
i have no inclination to wear the same clothes as freeza or the saiyans.
me either.
i'd die before wearing the same clothes as vegeta.
don't be so particular!
it's pretty easy to move around in this!
like i said before, kakarrot, there's no use in you wearing that outfit.
you will have no active part in this.
because you're going to defeat that monster cell, right?
if so, that will be best!
so then, why don't i go beat cell now?
shall i take you to him with my instantaneous movement?
don't be absurd. i will not be making use of your powers.
see you later.
my, my. he's as obstinate as ever.
well then, i will be going too.
yeah. oh, just a second...
vegeta's and your share of the senzu. take them with you.
i am most thankful for them.
good luck. but don't overdo it.
if it gets dicey, get out of there right away! got it?
yes. thank you for everything.
goku-san, good luck with your training as well.
dying is definitely out of the question, both of you!
you got that?
all right, gohan!
now it's our turn for some father-and-son training!
right!
oh, just a moment! before we do...
i'm hungry!
i've gotta eat something first!
at a time like this?
dammit!
given no. 18's speed, i should have overtaken her now for sure!
seeing as how she is not visible,
she would appear to have hidden herself on one of the islands around here somewhere.
fine.
can you hear me?! no. 18!!
show yourselfl! if you don't show yourself,
i'm going to destroy these islands one after another!!
you got that?!
you have to hear me! no. 18! come on out immediately!
wh-what's that?
you idiot! where the hell were you looking?! come on!
what was that loud voice just now?
l-it sounded like it came from the sky, really far away!
listenl! no. 18!! i am not bluffing!!
you must be thinking that if i destroy you,
then i will not be able to achieve my perfect form,
so there's no way i would do sol!
wh-what is this?
that's just too bad!!
it is certainly true that i desire to become my perfect form,
but even as i am now,
there is already no one in the world that can oppose me!!
come on out!
no. 18!
hurry up and come out!
cell's voice, is it?
to think that he would be the one to let me know where he is.
just you wait, cell.
you'll know right away who the strongest in the universe is!
if you do not come out, i will destroy all these islands!!
you got that?!
you despicable piece of crap!
it's all right, no. 18! don't move.
he may say that, but he's not about to destroy anything.
he is greatly devoted to becoming his perfect form.
lousy no. 18...
not going to show yourself, huh?
put me to all this trouble, will you? idiot!
well then, shall i drive her from that island first?
hey, isn't that whatever it was that put out that loud voice?
why is he floating in mid-air?
h-he's the devil! the devil has come!
it's the end of the world! it's all over!
it seems that no. 18 was not on that island.
okay, on to the next island.
no. 18!! do you still intend not to show yourself?!
the island you are hiding on will soon vanish, and you along with it!!
what do we do, no. 16?
he really has started destroying islands!
you need not worry.
cell is attacking at a level such that you will not die, no. 18.
no matter what happens, he wants to assimilate you, no. 18.
even if he does spare me, with your injuries, you will not survive!
why is it that cell is as particular as this about becoming his perfect form?
he already has enough power to make himself invincible.
there is no one in the entire universe that can stand up to him!
is it just that he is genuinely seeking the ultimate power?
miserable cell! it appears he's making quite a show about going into action.
mmm, nummy!
ah! here comes, here comes!
i'm full, i'm full!
son goku, that enough?
yeah! i've had plenty to eat!
gohan, about ready to go?
yes!
well then...
see there? stick to it! stick to it, trunks!
starting now, you've got a great deal of working out to do!
ah, here they come, here they come!
indeed! you really are happy-go-lucky about this!
okay, just about time you guys take turn entering.
wonder how long you can stay in.
it's hot...
at last, son goku and son gohan enter the room of spirit and time.
will they be able to surpass even super saiyan,
and gain enough power to exceed the fearsome monster cell?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
burning with ambition to achieve his perfect form,
cell has launched an indiscriminate attack, in order to absorb no. 18,
who has hidden herself together with no. 16.
elsewhere, having finished their training in the room of spirit and time,
vegeta and trunks were headed toward cell at ultra-speed.
cell, it appears you're making quite a show about going into action.
son goku and gohan, father and son, have entered the room of spirit and time.
will they indeed be able to surpass super saiyan?
"suddenly full-throttle!! the super power of a radiant vegeta."
it's no use, no matter how well you're hiding!
you won't get out of this by concealing yourself, no. 18!
are you saying that that isn't him being serious?!
yeah, i am.
at this rate, it's only a matter of time before he finds us.
you sure are an odd one.
no. 18... no matter what,
i will absorb you and become my perfect form.
that is the reason i came here from the future, after all.
that's the level of cell's battle power?
kakarrot and you guys, what were you so frightened of?
dad's ki has risen.
to think that he's capable of putting out that much ki so easily!
i don't know how much vegeta and trunks have powered up,
but cell's power is nothing ordinary.
he's of a different dimension!
if cell were to absorb no. 18 and become his perfect form
before goku finishes his special training...
then not even goku can beat him.
it could be the end.
damn! my entire life, one day has never felt so long!
you're a fine man! what are you wavering about?!
son-kun is the strongest in the universe!
he will win for sure!
that's just how it's going to be! you got that?!
oh, there, there, don't cry!
trunks, you're a big boy, right? you're fine, you're fine!
e-everything is snow-white!
m-my body feels heavy too, and it's so hot that it's hard to breathe.
once the doorway to the outside is closed,
any contact from the outside world is completely shut out.
see? you can't sense either cell's ki or vegeta's kiany more, right?
it's true! i don't feel a thing!
over there is the bath and the toilet.
this is the food storeroom.
there's a year's worth of food in here.
what do you think?
so, even my big-eating father will be all right, huh?
gohan, we've covered just about everything.
right! it looks like i'll be able to make it through like this.
really? go take a look out back.
you'll understand what i meant when i said...
it was too tough for me to stay here even a month when i was a kid!
wh-what's going on?!
we're inside a room, yet the place is this expansive!
what's more, there's nothing there!
i hear it's about as big as the earth!
l-it can't be!
you haven't come out, huh?
you must surely be on one of the islands around here.
it seems you understand that it won't do any good to escape underwater.
anyhow, it appears i can't do anything else but examine the entire ocean in this area.
don't shoot!
you will be detected by cell!
dammit!
he's finally arrived at the next island over!
calm down!
cell is only looking for anything that leaves the islands!
just sit still like this and hang on!
you at least will be spared!
that single island there is all that remains.
one left...
hqi 3 qamin q!
calm down!
don't give up until the end!
if you are absorbed, it will be the end of everything!
well, you better come on out, no. 18!
you're... vegeta!
so you're cell?
land!
vegetam?
what have you come all this way for?
don't tell me you've come to make jokes,
such as you have come to defeat me, have you?
i haven't come to defeat you.
i'm going to knock you into so many pieces there won't be anything left afterward.
me'? you'?
amusing.
i'm shocked to think that my cells were being used...
by a repulsive monster such as yourself!
i wonder if you were supposed to have turned out a little better.
they're being used by me, the strongest in the universe!
just for that, you should be honored.
not so, monster!
you are not the strongest in the universe.
that would be me, the prince of the saiyans, vegeta!
what is he, stupid?
what can someone who was so utterly helpless against me now do against cell?
trunks, huh?
there's been quite a change about you.
well, it doesn't matter to me how many of you may come.
if you like, shall i wait for even more to arrive?
he's just a spectator.
i alone will be sufficient to bury you.
what was that?
did you say that you alone were sufficient?
that's right! got any problem with it?!
i've got no problem.
i'm just astounded by how absurd you're being!
cell is right!
no matter what may happen, vegeta is no match for him!
still, no. 16, this may be our chance to escape!
hey, no. 16!
wait! we only move once the fighting has started.
besides which, it's strange.
vegeta's battle power has gone up a great deal
since that time previously.
ridiculous!
there's no way it could change all that much in this short a time!
he didn't look like he was holding back or anything...
watch very carefully, cell!
i'm going to erase that disagreeable little smile of yours for you!
dad's planning on changing right off...
into that.
it's begun! his ki is rapidly...
rapidly increasing.
s-such a terrific ki...!
let's have a look, vegeta,
at this power that goes even beyond super saiyan.
be careful!
if you go too far away,
you might not be able to find your way back here, get lost and die!
r-right!
the temperature varies from 50 degrees to minus 40 degrees.
the air is about one-fourth that of earth,
and the gravity is about 10 times greater in this pure-white world.
it's gonna be awful!
o-o-one year in a place like this?
gohan, we start training right away!
we didn't come here to play!
how about it? awfully terrible, ain't it?
this is the first time you've ever done gravity training, huh?
well, you'll get used to it soon.
right!
first of all, gohan, we're going to make you a super saiyan.
s-super saiyan? yeah.
l-i'm not sure i can become a super saiyan...
of course you can!
you've inherited genuine saiyan blood!
we've got to make you a super saiyan.
then we'll start the full-fledged training.
but, isn't it possible that i will get in the way of your training, father?
yeah, at first.
but then, gohan, if you can so much as become super saiyan,
you'll be much more help to me as a drill partner!
you are my son.
have faith in yourself!
okay?
r-right!
okay -
naturally, i intend to obtain power beyond super saiyan!
i want to be stronger than anyone else, after all!
but gohan, i intend to have you even surpass me!
m-me surpass you, father?
that's right. that's my ideal.
i'm positive it will happen!
l-i wonder...
trunks-san said, you know, that in the future i will become a super saiyan,
and get killed by the artificial humans.
what are you talking about?
things have already changed considerably from trunks' future, ain't they?
i'm here, alive and well.
besides that, the you that died in the future never trained in here, right?
that's right!
it's all up to your own determination!
father, if you please!
all right, that's the spirit!
i'm going to be far more hard on you than piccolo was, you know!
prepare yourself! right!
d-don't tell me it's still increasing!
what is that?!
how can vegeta have that kind of power?
i don't believe it!
is training in the room of spirit and time as magnificent as all this?
say, what's wrong?
what's happened to vegeta? trunks is okay, right?
wh-what is this?!
without a doubt, he has surpassed super saiyan.
vegeta's super power explodes, exceeding even that of the monstrous cell!
can this be the power that surpasses super saiyan?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
as cell mercilessly and indiscriminately attacks,
hunting down no. 18 in order to achieve his perfect form,
vegeta appears before him right at the last moment!
watch very carefully, cell!
i'm going to erase that disagreeable little smile of yours for you!
the intense power of a newly-born vegeta rises above that of the monster cell!
is this the power that surpasses super saiyan?
"on your knees, cell! i am super vegeta!!"
what's the matter?! did you doze off or something?
you lousy saiyan monkey! you're pretty spirited, aren't you?
however, at this level of battle power, it's no more than a brave pretense!
is that so?
this is the fruit of his training.
cell is unable to see dad's motions through.
i couldn't see... how vegeta moved!
you've got to be more serious about this, cell.
it would seem you're not too bad at this, huh?
so, this is the extent of the results of training in that room?
dad!!
dad!
do not bother me!
worthless fool.
dad!!
i will go beyond super saiyan! i will reign over the universe!
d-dad...
is this the extent of the results of training in that room?
what's the matter?! is this over already?
that's right! it's over!
your life, that is!
s-so that's it!
this incredible ki is vegeta's!
it's even greater than cell's ridiculously huge kfl.
what's going on?
that's right! goku was talking about that place
where you could do a year's training in one day... is that it?
let's go see!
come on, now! what are you guys seeing all by yourselves?
how's vegeta?! what's happening to trunks?!
l-lncredible!
to think that he wouldn't be having any problems with cell!
h-he's winning! at this rate, he will defeat cell!
say, there! what's happening?
is he winning? is he losing?
it's okay!
he's overwhelmingly assaulting him!
grrrrr...
oh, dear, dear! such a ferocious face...
how awesome, indeed! both your papa, and yourself!
there, there, there, there, there, there!
just as you'd expect of battle maniacs, huh?
there, there, there, there!
so this is power that exceeds super saiyan, is it?!
this is how much difference in power there is between us now?
no, no! you're just making your ki larger.
becoming super saiyan gets its start from anger.
get angry! pop off, with a bang!
j-just saying it like that, i can't get angry.
i know! either me, or piccolo, or even kuririn...
try imagining that one of us is about to be killed by cell!
but, i've never seen cell.
good grief!
ah, well, freeza or anything else is okay!
right!
l-it's no use...!
starting right now, i'm going to show you what hell is!
i shall enjoy it.
that was hell, then?
you do seem to want to make me get serious about this.
i'd long thought you were already serious.
if that's the case, then don't hold yourself back for me.
wh-what's this?!
to think that he's been concealing that much power...
that was quite a jump in your battle power.
still, so what about it?
dad has this won.
there's vegeta... and that's cell over there.
they're monsters, both of them!
so, this is your level after all?
apparently, during my training,
i opened up too wide a gap between our powers...
impossible! you're...
vegeta, aren't you? am i wrong?
i... am super vegeta!
with self-assuredness and power, labeling yourself "super vegeta,"
will you settle this battle right here and now, vegeta?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
in order to surpass being super saiyan, son goku, together with gohan,
had entered into the room of spirit and time, to undergo some full-fledged training.
get angry! pop off, with a bang!
elsewhere, artificial human cell was matching up against the abilities of a reborn vegeta.
the battle found vegeta, who had obtained power far beyond that of super saiyan,
winning hands-down.
so, this is your level after all?
apparently, during my training, i opened up too wide a gap between our powers...
impossible! you're vegeta, aren't you? am i wrong?
i am super vegeta!
"dangerous pride!! a challenge to cell's perfect form."
dad has this won.
super vegeta, you say? wh-what's that?
it'd be too much trouble to explain in detail.
imagine whatever you like yourself.
swagger around as super vegeta, will you?
in the future, you have been killed by artificial human no. 17!
i have absorbed the power of no. 17 as well!
even a child would understand which one of us must be stronger!
hmph. so this is what "yelping as much as a weak dog" means.
if you've got the time to brag, spend it figuring out how to defend yourself.
however hopeless that might be.
cell has changed quite a bit from before.
l-is that what he calls his perfect form?
has he already gotten no. 18 and the others?
a-and after all the trouble bulma-san went through to make this!
will it have been for nothing as well?
th-that's dad's gyallic ho attack!
your cells are also within me!
take this!!
dad!
v-veg eta!
l-lncredible! vegeta!
vegeta has this won.
i can't believe it.
that's just what i had expected of you, having obtained my cells.
however, although you may be able to mimic my gyallic ho,
there was no way you could get past the difference in our powers.
enough!
for you to not understand such a thing,
does it mean that the inside of your head is hollow?
i won't allow something like this to happen!!
i-impossible!
wh-why?!
awesome!
he's become ridiculously strong!
his body has also become larger...
he's not the same vegeta he was up until now.
is this a new vegeta?
what sort of training do you suppose vegeta did in the room of spirit and time?
will son also emerge with power even greater than vegeta's?
son will not get a turn at this rate, huh?
vegeta is going to finish this by himself.
you see, trunks? your father is incredible!
he's going to beat cell, after all.
you know something, i didn't need to work overnight.
the emergency shutdown controller won't be necessary now, huh?
gohan! get angry! pop off, with a bang!
pop qff. with a bang!!
i must have fallen asleep without realizing it...
father?
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
ha!!
father!
gohan, you're awake?
f-father, i'm embarrassed to have fallen asleep.
gohan, the gravity is ten times greater,
during the afternoon, it's 50 , while at night, it's minus 40 ,
and under these terrible conditions, we have to train for a whole year.
that has to be tough for a child like yourself.
when it's time for you to rest, it's okay to rest!
l-i've rested long enough. father, please train me!
father, please!
i'm in a hurry to become a super saiyan, like you, father!
when i first came in here, i didn't have your high spirits.
gohan, you ready?
yes!
wh-why? he's not supposed to be an opponent worthy of me to begin with...
what the hell has happened?
wh-why has vegeta's power risen to this extent?
th-this sort of thing...
d-dammit, this sort of thing can't be happening!
you stupid scum!
i'm... not going to let this folly take place!!
it's overwhelming.
there's too much difference in their powers.
there is a new history being made, entirely different from our own history.
l-is that...
trunks?
he has become quite a bit more brawny.
i hardly recognized him.
for him to become like this in just one day,
it must mean that room of spirit and time or whatever is one awesome room.
okay, raise your right leg high, now!
one-two, one-two...
we currently have nothing further to report...
let your day continue to be tranquil, with...
what's the deal?
nobody has any more news about what's happening.
ten-san, how are you doing?
my goku-sa is around, so you can relax!
my goku-sa is sure to be managin' somethin' or other!
i want ten-san to hang in there too.
still, isn't that the muten roshi-sama we all know?
he has completely maintained his composure!
nothin' too fantastic about it.
at best, he's just havin' some kind of lewd dream or somethin'.
goku-sa, don't be worryin' about what comes after, just stick with it!
i have to get you to settle this quickly,
and then let gohan-chan get to studyin', after all!
gohan sure does have himself quite a mother.
don't he? everyone says so!
take this!
have you run away?
it will be you that dies!
i will now savor the greatest feast of all!
that's kind of you to say, but i'm most unpalatable!
i'm going to suck you!
you expect me to become your fodder?
this will do fine.
at this rate, once dad defeats cell,
it won't matter what becomes of no. 16 and no. 18.
we won't even need the help of son goku-san and gohan-san.
incredible!
there's no comparison!
come!
where are you hiding yourself?
dammit! where are you?!
it would appear as if you have received quite a shock, huh cell?
why don't i tell you of an even further shocking fact?
over there is a guy named trunks.
though not to the same extent as myself, he also possesses a power close to mine!
it seems that even with you putting out all the power you've got, this is what your level is.
how damned disappointing! you pantywaist!
here i came, wondering what an exceptional guy you must be...
but now, somehow killing you has become such a frivolous matter!
damn it to hell!!
damn it all to hell!!
my perfect form...
if only i could become my perfect form!
that sort of guy wouldn't be so...
damn! lousy no. 18! where are you?!
no. 18?! is she here?
cell is absolutely no match before the overwhelming strength of vegeta.
for him to become his perfect form, he must absorb artificial human no. 18.
however, cell has not realized that no. 18 is right nearby.
damn it all! damn it all!!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
during his brutal battle with cell,
vegeta nearly decided everything at once with his overwhelming power!
it seems that even with you really putting out all the power you've got,
this is what your level is.
how damned disappointing! you pantywaist!
here i came, wondering what an exceptional guy you must be...
killing you has become a frivolous matter!
damn it to hell!!
damn it to hell!!
damn it to hell!!
damn it to hell!!
"i'm so distraughtl! kuririn's handiwork in destroying no. 18."
n-no. 18 is in the area!
l-i can still...
use this controller! but where in the world is she?
l-i have to find no. 18 right away!
if she's found by cell...
damn it all!!
damn it all!!
i-incredible...
i-if only i could become my perfect form...!
if only i could become my perfect form,
th-the likes of that guy would be...!
so, what?
you're saying that if you could become your perfect form,
you wouldn't be losing to me?
that's right! i absolutely would not lose!
power, speed, techniques, brains, mental strength...!
in all things, i will achieve a perfect existence!
that's what the computer told me!
dammit!
if only i could become my perfect form...!
damn it all!!
incredible...
when he fought with me,
could he have been purposely pretending to be weaker?
no, there isn't any reason why he would have had to do that.
something has happened during these last few days.
something?
what the hell could have happened where he would change that much?!
th-there she is! in a place such as this?
h-haven't they realized it? either cell or vegeta?
or trunks?
with this, once i've shut down no. 18's functions,
and then destroyed her,
cell will be unable to become his perfect form,
and we'll have beaten no. 18 as well!
however, you have to draw to within 10 meters,
or it won't have any effect, okay? within 10 meters!
all right!
l-if only i could absorb no. 18...!
the man, no. 17, wasn't there. has he alone been absorbed?
that's how cell has transformed and powered up, i'll bet.
there they are! somehow, i have to get closer...
within 10 meters of them... without them noticing...
if i'm seen, it's all over.
what am i thinking here, at an important time like this?!
what a start! don't scare me like that!
ah, you fool! the artificial humans are there!
despite the obvious gap between us,
you're saying that if you became your perfect form, you would beat me?
l-i would unmistakably beat you! if you're at that level, that is...
d-dad, don't tell me...!
h-he can't mean to...!
no. 16, what's the matter?
no. 18, do not worry about me, run away at any time!
you seem to be considering it...
how about it, vegeta?
you saiyans are a warrior race through and through!
fighting is your passion!
however, the stronger your opponent, the greater the joy you take in fighting!
isn't that so? am i wrong?
you'd like to try fighting, wouldn't you...
against me, in my perfect form?
you must want to!
you are the prince of the warrior race, the saiyans, after all!
within 10 meters... within 10 meters... just a bit farther...!
all right...
e-even if i use this controller to stop no. 18,
unless she's destroyed, she'll be absorbed by cell...!
i think i can destroy her...
no. 16 doesn't hardly seem able to move, and all...
th-this is the only chance there is!
no. 18 was originally just a cute human girl...
if she hadn't been reconstructed by doctor gero...
i even feel sorry for her!
i wouldn't really have to destroy her...
no! if she is absorbed by cell,
and then cell becomes his perfect form,
people all over the world might be killed!
destroy her...
don't destroy her...
destroy her... don't destroy her... destroy her... don't destroy her...
destroy her... destroy her... destroy her... destroy her...
the water's just right, huh gohan? yes!
my fatigue feels like it's flying away!
so, i wonder how kuririn-san and the others are doing right now.
not knowing what's happening in the world out front sure makes you uneasy.
don't worry about it.
more importantly, be sure you massage yourself well here in the hot water.
it takes the exhaustion away.
right!
you know something, gohan, you're keeping up pretty good!
it's been just about two months since we've come in here.
even so, father,
in the world outside, only four hours have gone by!
it really is wondrous, huh?
this room of spirit and time.
yeah, it sure is.
okay! i'm going to work hard to become a super saiyan soon,
and become an opponent for you, father!
now you've done it!
all right, gohan!
once we get out of the tub, we'll eat, and then it's more training!
right!
destroy her... don't destroy her... destroy her...
see ya!
bye!
she was originally just a cute human girl...
you're...
that couldn't be... an emergency shutdown controller?
why would he...?
don't you want to try fighting me in my perfect form,
prince of the warrior race?
you certainly do understand saiyans well.
your cells are also included within my body, after all.
that must be what it is...
that is indeed what it is.
very well!
i will intentionally fall into your trap!
you may become your perfect form. go!
dad!
i would not be proud of myself if i defeated you the pathetic way you are now.
dad! you can't! if you let him do that...
that's you're greatest fault, dad!
shut up, trunks!
i'm not above fixing it so that you'll never take that insolent tone with me again!
you should know better than anyone how incredible the power beyond super saiyan that i have is!
so, get going!
i'm looking forward to this, cell.
dad may have let you go, but i will not let you escape!
bulma-san, you went to all that trouble to make this for us. i'm sorry.
get away safely!
no matter what, don't get absorbed by cell! please!
why?! why did you break the controller?!
it must have been your chance, right? to destroy me?
th-that's...
kid, move it!
if you have the time to interfere with me, why not help out in searching for no. 18?
there will be no more need for you to search for no. 18.
what? you are going to be defeated by me, here and now!
what was that, you punk, with your ass still blue?
trunks! do not interfere!
i thought i said i was going to squeeze the life from you, right here and now!
how about you just accept that and fight?!
trunks! i told you to stop!
it's like dad explained it...
i also possess nearly as much power as he does!
with your power now, you will not be winning against me!
give it up!
h-hey, vegeta!
do something with this guy, will you?
no. 18! i-i've found you!
no!!
at last, no. 18 has been discovered by cell!
will kuririn's affections turn to their harm?
and what will be no. 18's destiny?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
i would not be proud of myself if i defeated you the pathetic way you are now.
very well. you may become your perfect form.
what's this, has vegeta let cell go in order to become his perfect form?
as well, kuririn had by his own hand...
destroyed the device that would have shut down no. 18!
get away safely!
no matter what, don't get absorbed by cell! please!
no. 18! i found you!
they now face their greatest crisis!
"a shock to the entire universe!! cell's spectacular evolution toward his perfect form."
i-i've found you, no. 18! you've been hiding over there!
great! now i can become my perfect form!
power! speed! technique! brains! mental strength!
the time when i achieve a perfect existence in all things has come!
aren't those the artificial humans? kuririn-san is there too.
this is bad! they haven't realized that they've been found!
why?! this was your singular chance!
just what is it you think you're doing?
l-it's just...
stop staring me down like that, would you?
that doesn't matter!
in any case, just get away safely!
if you're too slow about it, you'll be swallowed up by cell, you know!
i beg you! the destiny of the earth rests with you!
hey!!
you've been found by cell!
oh, no!
i will not allow you your perfect form!
so, then...
luckily enough, the artificial humans are here, huh?
amazing! is that how strong trunks has become?
his ki has vanished.
run! cell has concealed his presence and is sneaking around underground!
th-this is dangerous! we have to hurry and scram!
r-right! no. 16!
no. 16!
i'll be fine. you guys run away!
i cannot protect you any more. go now!
no, dammit!
this is an extraordinary chance for me.
i won't let you interfere, trunks!
it's been a while, hasn't it, no. 18?
don't strain yourself, no. 16.
you're only moments from shutting down, aren't you?
on top of which,
vegeta seems to be cooperating in allowing me to become my perfect form.
dam n it, veg eta!
now then, shall i have her? my most first-class cuisine?
what are you loafing around for, cell?
hurry up and become this perfect form of yours!
that fool!
that cursed vegeta!
what? what's happened to vegeta?
hey, there!
what's happening with vegeta?
and what about trunks? hey there, i said!
still not yet? hurry up, son!
thanks, vegeta.
we had quite an intrusion there, didn't we?
you piece of crap!
small fry!
for a mechanical doll who has turned into junk,
this is what your power ought to be, i suppose.
it isn't hurting a bit.
you miserable monster!
dad, you are mistaken!
we can't let him reach his perfect form!
what are you going to do if his power becomes greater than ours?
you're so pathetic!
don't you feel like seeing how strong he will become?
i... i don't want to see it!
i've had enough hellish futures!
you'll see, i will prevent his perfect form!
even if i have to defeat you, dad!
defeat me?
impossible! i don't think you're capable of attacking your father.
if you can shoot me, then shoot me!
l-i'm sorry, father.
since i'm making so little progress,
father, your training hasn't advanced at all.
that's fine! you just worry about becoming super saiyan!
r-right!
now, we're off to bed for the rest of the day.
we have more harsh training waiting for us tomorrow.
right!
damn...
so, it's all over?
n-no. 18...
it's all hopeless!
hurry! get away from here as fast as you can!
why, you...!
don't worry about me! get going, now!
i can't do that!
y-you...
damn that trunks...
he really did shoot me!
that bratty piece of crap!
i won't let you get away!
i won't let you get away!
i won't let you run anywhere, no. 18.
that brat...!
taiy0~kenll.
no, dammit!
my eyes., _!
now, to savor you slowly, no. 18...!
damn it all!
s-stop it!
no. 18!
damn...
cell is changing!
is this perfect form of his finally coming around?
you're sure taking long enough.
don't you disappoint me this time!
damned if i'm going to let you reach your perfect form!
what's going on here?
it's as if the whole earth is trembling, you know?
cell's ki is continuing to swell up!
grand elder-same!
dende, huh?
you've felt it too, have you?
what is this evil ki?
what in the world is happening on earth?
i don't know.
i don't know, but at this rate, it's not just earth,
but the whole universe that could be destroyed.
th-the whole universe?
l-i was wrong not to have shut down no. 18...
at last... at last, no. 18 having been absorbed,
cell is becoming his perfect form.
will his terrifying form lead the universe to devastation?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the worst state of affairs could not be avoided.
the artificial human no. 18 was absorbed into the body of the evil cell.
has every hope for saving the earth evaporated here?
"battle power lnfinityl! birth of the god of destruction named cell."
so, you're finally transforming into your perfect form?
don't you disappoint me this time!
what?
l-i'm to blame for all of this.
it's all because i didn't destroy no. 18!
wh-why, you...!
i won't... i won't let you do with the future as you like!
to think that it could be this bad!
m-muten roshi-sama, at this rate, the house is gonna be washed away!
we need to be runnin' away somewhere!
that's right!
what with cell and vegeta and so on, we're getting caught up in...
something terrific, aren't we?
it's no use. this situation is spread out over the entire earth.
no matter where we go, it would be the same.
the earth will be wrecked!
are you finally done?
the trembling of the atmosphere has finally died down.
we survived then, huh?
no.
this is where it begins.
muten roshi-sama...
the real terror, that is.
cell has become his perfect form.
how is that? did kuririn not use the controller i made?
kuririn himself stomped the controller.
why?!
miserable vegeta! take responsibility!
are you okay, gohan?
gohan?
piccolo-sen said long ago that you would be unsuitable as a teacher, father!
that you were too gentle, father!
that you were utterly lacking...
in the harshness it takes to do this!
that just by seeing how coddled i was, he could tell!
gohan!
i finally understand that!
i have always been spoiled by your gentleness, father!
father, please treat this like you are trying to kill me!
then, even supposing i really do die,
that will have been all i was capable of!
and if that is my level,
there's no way i could surpass you, father!
if i won't bring myself to die...
there's no way i can obtain real strength.
i can't ever become a super saiyan!
ka... me... ha... me...
ha!!
damned if i'm running from this!
l-i've been a pampered child...
there was the time...
gohan! now! shoot!
then there was the time...
then there was the time...
it was my fault for being weak.
it was because i depended on everyone else...
you've finally become a super saiyan!
just like that.
now, you have to control your excitement in that state.
you did good, gohan!
sorry, father. it's so hard!
hey, you just have to take it a little at a time.
let's take a short break.
should i cut your hair? it's getting too long!
i knew it. even if it is his perfect form, it doesn't appear to be anything special.
he's shrunk, compared to how he was before.
kuririn-san!
th-this can't be...!
so this is my perfect form?
this is my body, perfect in every way?
splendid! i've finally obtained it!
very good! those are wonderful attacks, you guys!
move away, trunks!
don't you move, cell!
kienzanu.!
g-g-got him!
l-it can't be!
that was the kienzan that cut through even freeza...!
tremendous power and speed!
is this the true ability of the perfected form of cell?
kuririn-sanh.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at last, cell had become his ultimate, perfect form.
miserable vegeta! take responsibility!
i knew it. even if it is his perfect form, it doesn't appear to be anything special.
damn it all!
how dare you take no. 18?!
kuririn-san!
don't you move, cell!
kienzanu.!
kuririn-san! please, get away!
the first casualty is kuririn.
the overture to the collapse of the earth... no, the whole universe-has already begun!
"super vegeta in peril!! an absolutely perfect terror closes in!!"
k-kuririn-san...
h-he's too awful!
th-this is a first.
there wasn't even time to feel pain.
l-i'm still falling to pieces.
kuririn-san!
such a fortunate man, to be the first to taste of this perfect power.
stay with us, kuririn-san!
here's a senzu. can you eat it?
please, swallow it somehow.
did it make you happy to pick on that scum?
just as i thought, it would appear that even in this perfect form,
you're nothing special.
you'll have to excuse me.
now then, would you assist me in warming up?
very good. i will finish you off as you warm up.
if you please...
thank goodness! kuririn-san...
that was a close call!
i thought you might have had it.
kuririn-san?
this isn't good! vegeta's going to get killed!
i'm certainly not much at all when compared to you saiyans.
however, i more-or-less know the strength of this opponent.
l-i know... i know how terrible he is!
to him, he probably did no more than tap me,
but i learned how terrible he is!
c-cell has truly gotten stronger.
however, vegeta still exceeds him in every way.
y-you can't take the ki you can feel now as a reference.
he's hiding a much, much more phenomenal power!
just like you are, trunks.
you knew?
it seems the power-up from this perfect form of yours...
was not altogether an exaggeration after all.
vegeta is that sort of guy, so maybe he didn't realize it,
but somehow, i could tell.
you've been sort of... reserved toward vegeta.
you've overcome the wall that vegeta could not overcome.
am i wrong?
what's the matter? is this all the power of your perfect form?
dad has gone beyond the limits of super saiyan.
it would appear that you have become able to fight a bit more decently.
but you're still a long way from being a match for me.
sure enough, this is the power-up you would have gotten
from absorbing those flea-market artificial humans.
maybe so.
smile, will you?
he achieved outstanding power, such as the strength he has now.
however, one day, i went beyond even that world.
i realized that this must have been what goku-san was speaking of.
i couldn't tell dad about it!
i couldn't tell dad, not with his towering pride!
trunks...
dad should have defeated cell as he was!
vegeta is sure impressive.
he's fighting toe-to-toe with the perfect form cell.
toe-to-toe, you say?
vegeta is getting frantic.
with someone of equal... no, perhaps even greater ability before his eyes,
his rational judgment has dropped.
hey, there!
how long are you two going to be enjoying this all by yourselves?
you let me know just what's going on as well!
i mean, really...!
nice going, gohan.
that's it! you've just about got your ki under control!
this is smarting just as i expected.
at this pace, you'll soon surpass me!
mock me, will you?
you can't get away!
just as i expected, vegeta.
that attack just now was pretty good.
don't you make light of me!
take this!!
dad...
vegeta there has lost his composure.
to think that by absorbing no. 17 and no. 18,
cell's power would rise this much...!
dammit!
dammit!
what sort of monster has doctor gero given rise to?
d-don't you toy with me!
d-dad...
you mean there's that much difference between their powers?
you miserable jackass!
you're not taking this seriously, are you?!
i did say this would just be warming up, didn't i?
what?!
h-he's saying everything up to now was just warming up?
fight like you mean it!
after that catastrophic beating from me, you must be angry, right cell?
you've become your perfect form, but nothing has changed in the least.
you're just the same as you were when you were getting beaten up!
if that bothers you,
then show me the power of this perfect form of yours!
well, maybe just a little bit.
when i have become super vegeta, do not mock me!!
h-he connected!
wh-what?
super vegeta, huh?
that should have connected...!
vegeta's kick had to have connected perfectly with cell's vital point!
and yet, there's been no damage at all!
he really is a monster!
trunks, aren't you going to help, with that hidden power of yours?
dad...
dad would look upon being helped by myself or goku-san
to be much more humiliating than being defeated by cell.
that's just the kind of person dad is.
b-but still...!
he'll be beaten! vegeta will be beaten!
before the perfect form of cell, the power of super vegeta is of no avail.
what will you do, vegeta?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
why, you...!
you're not taking this seriously, are you?!
i did say this would just be warming up, didn't i?
when i have become super vegeta, do not mock me!!
what?!
even a kick with vegeta's full power behind it...
has absolutely no effect on cell.
super vegeta is in an ultra-pinch!
"breaking through the boundaries of the super saiyan!! trunks summons a storm."
vegeta's attack had to have struck cell's vital point flawlessly.
and yet, cell has taken no damage whatsoever!
l-is that how much difference there is in their powers now?
what's the matter?
where's all that enthusiasm you had up until now?
m-my...
my kick had the power of my whole body behind it...!
wh-why?!
what's the matter? smile, vegeta!
well, well. i suppose i'll have to return your remark...
that there is too great a difference between us,
and this fight is dull.
wh-what are you doing, trunks?
if you don't hurry up and help him, vegeta really is going to die!
if he dies, he won't be able to give you any business about his pride!
wh-when dad loses consciousness fighting cell, then i'll step in to help.
having lost consciousness,
i can get away without having to have dad see that i've surpassed him.
are you still worried about that?
kuririn-san!
for dad, pride is something you cannot be without!
dad without his pride would not be dad at all!
that's what makes dad even stronger...
as well as making him more solitary.
however, i'm sure it's that part of dad that attracted mom!
and me, as well!
trunks...
fine then, assuming he doesn't get killed before losing consciousness.
you scum.
vegeta, unfortunately it seems you'll be finished while i'm warming up.
y-you piece of crap...!
before we part ways, i must express my gratitude...
to the degree of your foolishness that assisted me in becoming my perfect form.
don't go exerting any uncalled-for effort,
when you know what the outcome will be, no. 16.
you are no longer anything more than a powerless pile of junk.
d-dad!
wh-what is he planning to do?
d-dad!
qeuu.
no matter that you may have attained your perfect form,
do you still have the courage to catch this head-on?!
it's too much for you, i bet!
you're nothing but a pantywaist!
h-he's provoking cell!
to keep him from avoiding the attack!
y-you've got to be kidding!
d-does he really intend to unleash that technique here on earth?!
please don't do it!!
the earth...!! the earth itself will be...!!
get out of there, trunks!
final flash!
h "" ly s...!
i'm so hungry!
let's see, this... and this, and this.
gohan likes this one, after all. okay!
gohan!
it's about time for us to eat!
right!
after all, if you don't keep your body in good health,
i'll get chichi mad at me, too!
right.
okay. gohan, cook this for me.
thank you!
y-your hair...
gohan, you have to hurry and learn how to control your power, huh?
y-yes...
ee-yow!
w-we survived...!
dad calculated perfectly, and narrowed his range down just right!
l-it paid off!
take that!
n-no...!
h-he did it! h-he really did it!
y-yeah...!
s-something like this... c-can't happen!
it can't happen! not to my perfect form!
damn it to hell!!
gotcha!
you're laughing a fool's laugh!
have you forgotten that i have inherited piccolo's blood?
disappointed?
th-this can't be...!
now then, isn't it about time i killed you?
d-dammit!
h-hey... he's no longer s-super saiyan.
h-he's lost consciousness... or else he's d-d...
you're tough, huh?
i'll put you out of your misery right now, vegeta.
trunks! it's now or never!
now's the time to become that drastic super saiyan!
hey, now...
t-trunks?
hey, trunks?
are you all right? hey!
and so, this is where it ends, vegeta.
at last, trunks' ultra-power is unleashed!
take that power that surpasses the saiyan wall,
and use it to take down cell here and now!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
with all of his remaining power,
vegeta launched his final flash at cell.
however, not even that ultimate finishing technique was of any use against him.
and now, with his father vegeta in crisis,
trunks has unleashed ultra power that goes far beyond the super saiyan wall!
"save your father!! trunks' fury, which scorches even the heavens."
what's this?
trunks!
h-he still hasn't gotten fired up, yet what a terrifying ki!
wh-what is going on with these saiyans?
every time an awesome opponent appears, they rapidly get much stronger!
are there no limits to the warrior saiyan race?
what sort of guys are they?
kuririn-san...
would you take dad,
and go to muten roshi-sama's place or somewhere for me?
thank goodness.
you can talk like normal, then.
i was worried that you had gone nuts,
like goku and the others did when they became great apes.
i'm all right. never mind me, here...
when you think the timing is right, give that senzu to dad.
s-sure. but are you sure you're okay?
are you sure you have a senzu for yourself?
i will not need a senzu for myself,
because i will be sure to win.
f-for him to say something like that, he's awfully sure of himself.
he's strong! so he's been keeping all that potential strength hidden?
i will kill you, cell.
that's a pretty aggressive statement, trunks.
they've vanished!
above me!
wh-what?
d-don't tell me that he's defeated cell, there!
wh-what the hell kind of training did he do
in the room of spirit and time?
gohan, anything goes. try to catch me.
all right!
that was a good reading!
but you've still got a soft touch!
that was close, that was close!
father!
caught you!
oh, my...
you did good, huh gohan?
yes!
however, we overdid it, didn't we?
l-i got all caught up in it, and all...
we'll have to fix this, or we'll have popo mad at us!
right!
h-he did it!
awesome! that trunks...
saying he's gotten stronger doesn't even cover it!
he's defeated that monster... cell!
kurkrkn-san, watch out'.!
wh-what?!
you're something else, trunks.
damn! cell is still alive and kicking!
that settles it!
what kind of power is this?
i might have known!
to think that you could dodge me by a hair's breadth!
t-trunks!
th-this is hopeless...
i-is that it?
this is to allow me to rescue vegeta.
so this is the result of your allowing cell to become his perfect form,
for your pride's sake?
trunks is now fighting at incredible power!
he's gotten a lot stronger than you have.
and the reason i can't watch this magnificent fight,
it's all due to your ridiculous pride!
for my part, i wouldn't care if you weren't around...
but as far as trunks goes, that doesn't seem to be so.
really, what does he see in a father like this?
now, can you finally fight without any other concerns?
vegeta has been taken away, and all...
s-so you knew?
of course.
as well as knowing you were moving me away from vegeta on purpose.
this is unexpected!
to think that you would let him go knowingly!
naturally. my interests no longer lie with him.
they lie in your true power.
i didn't think you knew so much.
i look forward to this.
the time for me to know the strength of this perfect form has come.
wh-what power he has!
he's far exceeded super vegeta!
is this it?
is this the saiyan power that goes beyond super saiyan,
that goku was talking about?
as super trunks finally reveals himself, he demonstrates ultra-power!
will this power be able to rise above the perfect form of cell?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
at last, cell has achieved his perfect form.
his hidden powers overwhelmed even super vegeta.
trunks! it's now or never!
now's the time to become that drastic super saiyan!
i will... kill you, cell!
the time when i will prove the strength of this perfect form has come.
"a future of despair!! trunks, the man who lived through hell."
that ki is so large it's terrifying...
it's trunks' ki.
awesome... and we've already gotten pretty far away.
those saiyans really are frightful!
now we're havin' an earthquake!
this is awful.
pardon me a moment...
what are you doin', you nasty old man?!
an incredible ki... l-is this...?
it's trunks' ki.
it's more awesome than vegeta's. far more awesome!
he'll be able to defeat cell like this!
an admirable power.
certainly one incomparable to that of your father, vegeta's.
i will no longer allow you artificial humans to have your own way!
i will not let you create that miserable future,
and allow that hell to be repeated!
it's the artificial humans!
the artificial humans have come to attack us!
it's no. 17 and no. 18!
destroying cities sure is fun, huh?
take this city...
how many hundreds of years did it take to become like this?
but it only takes a moment to destroy it.
even so, it's getting a bit dull.
isn't there anyone with a little backbone to face us?
the artificial humans were strong. too strong.
the warriors who stood against them were all killed with ferocious power.
including my father, vegeta...
dammit!
piccolo-sen too...
kuririn-san too...
as well as tenshinhan-san, yamucha-san, yajirobe-san...
everyone... everyone was done in.
only myself and gohan-san remained.
oh? son gohan, is it?
you guys aren't going to get your way forever!
vegeta and piccolo, who we also defeated,
tried the same kind of posturing, you know.
trunks, stay back!
right!
gohan-san!
how dare you cut my precious hair!
dammit...!
die!!
(masenko').!
dammit! where are they?!
in that case, we'll have to comb the area for them!
we'll just destroy one place after another!
gohan-san...
it's no good.
we're just no match for them!
sure is aggravating, huh?
if only father,
who died of that heart disease, was still alive at times like these...!
knowing father,
he would have fought courageously, without hesitation, at any time!
i want to be strong, like father!
gohan-san...
after that, the battle with the artificial humans continued...
and then, in time, gohan-san was killed.
i became the only warrior remaining.
because of just two artificial humans,
the future had become hell.
i won't let that miserable future happen again! cell!
for the future of the earth, i will kill you!
good, good! better and better!
such marvelous power!
you might have even surpassed me. i am pleased!
i would bet that even doctor gero-sama is happy because of you.
after all, we have finally come across an opponent to test my ultimate power.
cell! i am doctor gero.
you are the ultimate artificial human,
cultured by my computer from the cells...
of martial arts experts that i have gathered.
i look forward to watching as you become complete...
the ultimate artificial human, with terrible, mind-boggling powers!
cell, you will absorb the energy of the living, and continue to grow.
and then, by absorbing no. 17 and no. 18,
two of the artificial humans that i have created,
and becoming your perfect form,
you can obtain ultimate power, and be invincible in this world!
wh-what is that monster?!
get him! capture him!
run!
help me...
doctor gem's research was perfect.
i, having been created from the cells of the best of the martial arts experts, was unopposed.
however, i did not come across no. 17 or no. 18, whom i was searching for, anywhere.
when i came forth upon the earth,
no. 17 and no. 18, whom i was seeking out, were no longer around.
apparently, you had defeated them.
however, thanks to your time machine,
i was able to return into the past like this,
meet the no. 17 and no. 18 of this time,
and become my perfect form.
at last, my wish has been granted!
i would like to test the power of this perfect form right away!
that's just what i was hoping for, cell!
i will now show you the true power of the saiyans.
what?!
wh-what are those guys?!
i can't see their movements at all!
i will kill you!
i will not let you artificial humans have your way with the earth!
indeed, you certainly do have marvelous power.
you have well surpassed me.
however, you cannot beat me like this.
absolutely not!
speak hollow boasts to me, will you?
i see...
the clash between trunks, with his absolute self-assuredness,
and cell, with the tenacity of his perfect form, has gotten underway.
however, why in the world is it...
that cell is poised to the point of being frightening?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
i will now show you the true power of the saiyans.
indeed, you certainly do have marvelous power.
you have well surpassed me.
however, you cannot beat me like this.
absolutely not!
speak hollow boasts to me, will you?
we'll see about that.
"super trunks has a weakness!! cell's shocking bombshell declaration."
dammit!
going even higher, are you? it's no use. you cannot beat me.
h-hey, are you okay, vegeta?
i have to hurry and give him his senzu.
over there is good.
h-hey, vegeta!
here's a senzu. swallow this for me.
vegeta! have you come around?
miserable cell...!
e-extraordinary power!
he's completely surpassed cell! u-unbelievable!
s-say there, who has?
you guys! don't talk so muddled,
explain things so i can understand more easily!
trunks, of course!
trunks has? hooray! you're sure strong, huh?
anger! anger makes me a super saiyan!
when did he get that strong?
this ought to be fun.
something really incredible might come of it!
father has been just sitting there every day lately like that.
i'm sure it must be pretty hard to go beyond even super saiyan, after all.
all right, then...
th-that's an incredible kfl.
father! that's incredible!
you've gone beyond, father!
you've already gone beyond super saiyan!
there's still another stage of transformation possible.
y-you did it!
th-this is extraordinary power, father!
you can't lose to anyone like this!
you can surely beat cell!
damn!
i-impossible! this is impossible!
why can't i hit him?
i'm disappointed at you, too.
you are no test to the strength of my perfect form like this.
what?!
d-dammit!
it's the same, no matter how many times you do it.
you cannot possibly win against me.
why?! why, when i'm supposed to be powered up this much?
father, you can surely win! for sure!
i can't beat cell like this... most likely.
h-how come?
my form is awesome. so is my power.
but with my muscles bulging out this much,
even though my power has gotten huge, my speed has been sacrificed.
great power ain't good for nothing if you can't hit your opponent, right?
i couldn't beat that monstrous cell like this.
besides that, my energy consumption was too severe.
as far as balance goes, the regular saiyan size is best.
that much i know for sure.
gohan...!
yes?
from now on, except when you're asleep,
stay in your super saiyan form as much as you can.
come to think of it as your natural state.
we'd better start by eliminating that feeling...
where we have no composure when we become super saiyan.
after that, we start our basic training over.
it may seem like a roundabout way, but i think it's best.
right!
all right, i'll do it, father!
you're such a greenhorn.
for you to say you're going to show your true power,
and then undergo a transformation that relies on even more power!
that transformation is a simple matter.
however, the transformation to achieve this sort of power...
does not give rise to anything!
nothing at all!
anyone would know something like that.
even your father, vegeta.
you are a fool.
l-is that right?
dad was able to make this transformation.
he didn't do it anyway.
he knew this is what would happen.
what a fool i've been!
any chance i had of winning is completely gone. kill me.
that i will do.
t-trunks' ki has gotten extremely small!
wh-what's wrong?! what's the matter?!
c-cell's ki is still enormous... has trunks been beaten?!
he said he could win, though...
dammit, that miserable cell!
hey, what are you planning to do?
there's only one thing to do... kill cell!
y-you...
shut up!
good grief, those saiyans are one outrageous warrior race.
you just can't keep up with them.
s-say, there, has trunks won yet, i wonder?
he's incredible!
is he all that incredible-trunks?
no, it's cell in his perfect form that's incredible.
trunks is going to be killed!
you've got to be joking!
look, isn't there anything you can do? do something!
i have been considerably disappointed, both by you and your father vegeta.
i was expecting this to be more enjoyable.
i have one final question.
never mind that you were decisively beaten by me,
you and vegeta both upped your powers dramatically in a short period of time.
just what was it that you did?
you don't want to talk?
in that case, i'll alter the question for you.
if you had more time, is it possible you could up yourselves even more?
how about it?
how should i know?
i couldn't tell unless i tried it.
but why would you ask such a thing?
so then, it's not impossible, huh?
very well, next question.
what is son goku doing? why hasn't he shown up here?
goku-san is in the middle of training to defeat you!
knowing goku-san, he will defeat you, and fulfill our wishes!
i'm convinced of that!
that is a good answer.
in that case, i will hold a martial arts tournament.
martial arts tournament?
what?! what was that?!
what is it? don't tell me trunks has been killed...!
n-no, cell just said he would hold a martial arts tournament!
a martial arts tournament?
i'll hold it in ten days, free of charge!
get as strong as you can and entertain me, if you would.
wh-what the hell are you talking about?
you probably wouldn't know, but in the past,
there was a martial arts tournament, called the tenkaichi tournament.
i'm saying i'm going to hold one again for you!
however, i alone will be your opponent.
the fights will be one-on-one.
if i win, then the next person will fight me, once again.
any number of you will be fine!
the more people you have there,
that's just how much the greater your advantage will be.
have as many people as you can get to assemble there.
i'll let you know the location and other details in a short while,
via a television broadcast or something.
what?!
it seems like a good way to kill some time.
so then, you'd better prepare a good deal of senzu!
w-wait, cell!
what is the purpose of this martial arts tournament?
and what is your ultimate goal?
l-i don't understand this at all!
are you out to rule the earth... no, the universe?
the purpose of the martial arts tournament...
is to confirm the strength of my perfect form,
as well as to plunge the whole world into terror.
besides that, it will serve as an exercise to further draw out my strength.
i don't particularly have any ultimate goal.
i have no interest in such base things as conquest.
the original purpose for which i was created... to kill son goku...
does not hold any great meaning for me as of now.
if i had to say, enjoying myself is my goal, i suppose.
my biggest aim, of course,
is to see the faces of humans, struck with terror!
yes, yes! that's the sort of face.
well, then...
what is this? cell holding a tenkaichi tournament?
just where do cell's intentions lie?
and can goku, now in the middle of his training, obtain the power to defeat cell?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
in the face of cell's bottomless power, even trunks,
who had gone beyond super saiyan, was utterly powerless to do anything.
the fate of the earth was as a candle in the wind. however...
i have one final question.
how is it you were able to power up that much in such a short time?
if you had more time, is it possible you could become even stronger?
how should i know? i couldn't tell unless i tried it.
so then, it's not impossible, huh?
very well. then, in order to alleviate my boredom,
i will hold a martial arts tournament.
what was this? he is going to hold a tenkaichi tournament?
with extraordinary confidence in himself,
cell has suddenly changed the situation around.
"a final battle closes in on goku!! the mystery of the new tenkaichi tournament."
my biggest aim, of course,
is to see the faces of humans, struck with terror!
yes, yes! that's the sort of face.
dammitl!
th-thank goodness! somehow, he's still unharmed!
b-but what happened? where did cell go?
hey! wait for me!
dad...
what happened to cell?
i can't beat him... i couldn't beat him.
wh-what the hell happened here?
i'm sorry. i was not able to do anything.
hmph. of course not.
there's no way the likes of you
could have beaten cell in his perfect form, right?
th-that's just not so!
after all, trunks has so much more power than y...
kuririn-san!
ah, there, there! there, there, there, there!
hey there, you guys!
don't just stand there, hurry and go help him! trunks is...
trunks is going to die, you know!
don't worry! he got through it without being killed.
really?! how's that?
m-miserable cell! what kind of guy are you?
at the time, trunks' power was indisputably higher than cell's!
how in the hell did he overcome that difference?
it looks as though i, too, will have to go in there next... into the room of spirit and time!
m-martial arts tournament?!
th-that's what he said?
damn him!
he's using us to amuse himself!
but who's going to participate?
he's an opponent even you guys couldn't do anything against!
l... n...
once goku-san comes out,
i plan on going back into the room of spirit and time and train again.
neither you or kakarrot will be necessary!
once i use that room for one more day, it will be settled.
me too...
i will join the tournament too!
n-no. 16...!
p-please, take me to the capsule corporation.
to the place where mom is, you say?
th-that's right.
there, i will have her repair me so that i can fight again.
you'll see, i'm sure to be of some use.
don't be ridiculous!
you're one of doctor gero's artificial humans, aren't you?!
wai...!
sure thing.
i'll take you there, and ask her for you.
kuririn-san!
you don't have to worry, trunks.
i don't think this guy is bad.
but...!
those other two, that were swallowed up by cell,
weren't all that bad, either.
they are indeed different from the artificial humans
that were in your future, by their very dimension.
and besides, right now, we need all the strong allies we can get, right?
here goes...
i owe you one.
hmph. hurry and come on out of there, kakarrot!
no matter what you've done, it's useless.
if i can just go into that room one more time,
we'll get by without having cell lord it over us.
i'm not about to lose...
i'm sorry, father.
i fell asleep before i knew it.
you've sure worked hard, gohan.
that's enough for today, now rest.
but then, what will you do, father?
i'm going to go try to train a little longer.
th-then i will do so too! please, take me with you!
all right, i'll finish for the day, too.
father .
but then, gohan...
tomorrow we're going to have even harsher training!
we have to get you to aim even higher than super saiyan as soon as we can!
r-right!
so, should we get something to eat?
yes!
here, thanks for waiting.
drink your fill, okay?
oh, my! vegeta-chan, it's been so long!
you're as handsome as ever!
my, this gentleman over here is handsome as well!
are you a friend of vegeta-chan?
b-by all means, i'm pleased to meet you.
pardon us. is bulma-san here?
oh, what's that now?
um, i said bulma-san... yo, kuririn!
if you're looking for bulma, she just contacted us.
she said she was on her way here now.
then she's not yet back from the heavenly realm? i see...
hey!!
muten roshi-sama'.!
we got a message that everyone would be returning to the capsule corporation.
staying at the kame house,
there's no way of knowing what the situation is, and all.
where's gohan-chan?!
he's, you see, still at the heavenly realm.
still, huh?
let's see... that's funny... then this here is...
so that's it.
a tenkaichi tournament, huh?
yes. that's what cell said.
it will be held ten days from now.
he said he would let us know the location and everything later.
i wonder, will the matches be held like in the tournament?
no. i'm not entirely sure about it all, but apparently,
the format will be one fighter challenging cell at a time.
miserable cell!
is that what he told you? i get it, then.
it must just be his arrogance,
now that he's obtained the ultimate in strength.
still, by choosing the tenkaichi tournament,
he's being rather sharp, isn't he?
i can't wait to show what i've got!
it has you fired up, huh yamucha-sama?
yeah!
you can say so, but you were beaten in every single one, huh?
turtle hermit-san, what is this tenkaichi-whatever tournament, anyhow?
oh, yes indeed!
well, allow me, as one who has won the tenkaichi tournament,
to explain it to you.
huh? muten roshi-sama, you've won it before too?
he's talking about a long time ago. a really long time ago.
long ago, there was a contest held among all the masters of the martial arts,
to determine who among them had risen to the highest peak,
and was the tenkaichi, the best martial artist under heaven.
the first time goku and the others participated was during,
as i recall, the 21st tenkaichi tournament, right?
it was goku's first appearance,
and yet he managed to reach the final round!
however, his opponent was too much for him.
he was unfortunately beaten by another master, named jackie chun.
and then, five years later,
the 22nd tenkaichi tournament was held.
it was at this time, you see,
that tenshinhan and chaozu first appeared before my eyes.
and so, as goku and tenshinhan competed for victory,
and by a narrow margin, goku lost!
what a lower-level fight!
that's why everyone here could compete in this tournament,
given your level of ability.
now, the 23rd tenkaichi tournament, which was held three years afterward...
that was one awesome and tumultuous tournament!
after all, goku got married,
piccolo, using the name ma junior, entered,
and kami-sama possessed a human and entered too!
it was no longer the kind of tournament that any ordinary person could enter!
so then, in the final match, goku and piccolo put on a battle,
with the fate of this world in the balance!
in the end, it was goku who won,
and became the strongest man on earth!
however, the fighting ring was lost,
and the tenkaichi tournament has not been held since then.
and that was... let's see, how many years ago now?
huh, kuririn?
ah, is that so?
that must have been something terrible.
even so, why would cell do something like this?
why, indeed? even by winning the tenkaichi tournament,
he can't rule the world.
cell said he didn't have any interest in ruling the world.
the purpose of the tournament was to confirm his own strength,
as well as to plunge the whole world into terror, he said.
and besides, it would serve as exercise to draw out his strength even more.
damn. he's sure gotten full of himself!
all right, then! in that case, we'll enter too,
and put his nose out of joint!
yeah!
you'd better give up such pointlessness.
small fry such as yourselves will serve no purpose at all.
well, in any case, now we can relax.
why does chichi-san say we can relax?
how should i know?!
don't you get it?
if he's goin' as far as holdin' a tenkaichi tournament,
then cell is goin' to obey the rules!
which means that if he kills you, it'll mean him losin'!
we'll get through this without anyone dyin', right?
that's right! in that case, maybe i'll enter as well!
maybe i'll enter as well.
don't tell me you're still clinging to your former glory!
an old guy like you would... yow!
however, with a rule like that, the earth will be saved from this crisis, won't it?
piccolo-san is around and all, and pretty soon,
goku-san and gohan-san will be coming out of the room of spirit and time...
yeah!
that's right, huh?
just a second!
even supposin' we can't stop goku-sa from wantin' to enter,
how come you have to have gohan-chan enterin' in too?!
but, chichi-san, as you just said,
there's the rule that says you can't kill, so there's no danger...
whether there's any danger or not,
i've got no mind to allow gohan-chan to be participatin' in any tournament!
b-but...
the earth has already been saved from its crisis.
cell is settin' up his tenkaichi tournament
so that only those who want to fight have to!
th-that may be so, but...
that's why i'm not allowin' gohan-chan to fight any more!
when gohan was born, goku-sa agreed to that!
now then, it's time for your milk!
goku-sa, i'm going to make this boy into a great scholar!
a scholar?!
that's right.
the world's at peace now.
if he were to become a martial artist, he'd be servin' no purpose at all.
l-i suppose not...
it's true! i can't let my guard down to any one of you here!
you'd all inspire gohan to be one of your delinquent pals!
delinquent, she says? how awful!
a-am i a delinquent too?
now then, as for the tournament grounds...
well, this area will do, i suppose.
how about i make the ring a little larger than the tenkaichi tournament ring?
next...
as i thought, the stone here appears to be of fine quality.
fine. it is a bit plain, but i'll think of something later.
now then, how about i head over to the television station?
cell, and his unusual way of thinking...
will the devilish cell indeed obey the rules of the tenkaichi tournament?
there is a sense of hell about this ultra-tenkaichi tournament,
as it awaits its warriors.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
so then, i will hold a martial arts tournament.
a martial arts tournament?
in the past, there was a martial arts tournament,
called the tenkaichi tournament.
i'm saying i'm going to hold one again for you!
after word from cell that he would hold a martial arts tournament,
kuririn and the others grew restless.
to accommodate them, cell carried out step-by-step
his preparations for the martial arts tournament.
it is a bit plain, but i'll think of something later.
now then, how about i head over to the television station?
"100% ratings!! the cell games call for death with an exclusive live broadcast."
oh? hmm?
that's odd... i don't get this...
apparently, your construction is completely different
from these human-based artificial humans.
i am completely machine based, and was built from nothing.
which would mean... this won't serve as any reference, huh?
then, you cannot repair me?
hey, don't you worry.
once bulma gets back, we'll manage something.
bulma knows more about you guys than i do.
this cake truly is tasty!
isn't it, though?
there's still plenty more, so partake of as much as you like!
i'll take that huge choco cr me one this time!
hey, i had my eye on that one!
me first!
the early bird gets the worm, you know! nyah!
that goes for me too!
enough! stop poking around, you're getting everything dirty!
hey now, this is mine here! i-i really have to separate gohan-chan from the likes of them soon!
oh, my! i'm so pleased that you're enjoying eating it so much!
i still have plenty more, if you like...
hey, that's mine! i called this one already!
good grief, oolong and the others are so easygoing right now.
yeah...
stop it! old guys like you shouldn't have so many sweets! you just shut up!
damn. what is cell dallying around for?
if you're going to show up, then hurry and show up!
trunks, he really told you he'd let us know the details via television?
yes, i'm sure of it.
yamucha-sama!
pu-erh, once cell appears on the tv, let me know.
i'm going outside to work out.
right, yamucha-sama!
there are only nine more days until cell holds his tournament.
i can't let even a second go by wasted.
that's the way it is, all right.
yamucha-san, let me come with you.
thank you, kuririn.
not at all!
in a tournament where there are rules, there won't be any dying.
it's been a while since i could show off what i've got!
lately, i haven't been called on for anything, after all.
and you guys won't be called on this time either.
as long as i'm there, it will be enough.
i'm not going to allow kakarrot, or anyone else to get in my way!
you've got a big mouth for someone who got beaten to a pulp by cell, don't you?
what was that?
once i go train in the room of spirit and time another day,
i'll settle everything!
there won't be any place for scum like you!
scum, you say?
i call you scum only because you are scum.
dad!
trunks! trunks!
trunks!
trunks!
what's this, you're alive and kicking, aren't you?
i heard from piccolo that you'd gotten away without being killed,
but i came flying back, worried that you'd been terribly hurt!
i'm quite sorry about that.
indeed! you shouldn't worry your mother like that!
i'm sorry for making you worry so.
mom...
h-hey. now! let go!
c-come on, now! let go!
trunks can't bear to tear himself away from trunks!
come on! my, is that boy also named trunks-chan?
what a coincidence!
come on, let me go, trunks!
come on, let me go. come on...
where are you doing the programs that are being broadcast
all over the earth?
o-on the top floor, s-studio b...
thanks, miss.
yamucha-sama slipped on kuririn-san's smooth head!
kuririn! you can use that head against cell, too!
yamucha-san, please don't make fun of me like that!
still, that head of yours is quite slick.
you could have that slipperiness as a secret technique!
m-maybe i'll go over to cell's side!
here comes!
what are those two doing?
are they going to be able to beat cell like that?
this is tops!
pafu-pafu, pafu-pafu...
you are the biggest dirty old man!
this is the program he likes the most.
it sure is!
a-wiggle-waggle! that's nice, nice, nice!
cell!
yamucha-sama! it's cell! cell showed up!
miserable cell!
and now, up next, world news.
wh-who are you?!
what are you doing?
is this the top floor, studio b?
th-that's right. c-call the guard!
i will go beyond!
i will go beyond super saiyan!
gohan?!
gohan!
gohan-chan! gohan-chan!
mother, what are you doing here?
i don't need a reason to be here!
how long are you plannin' on stayin' in here without doin' any studyin'?!
but, mother...
you're goin' to be a great scholar in the future!
but if you do nothin' but trainin',
then instead of bein' a scholar,
you're goin' to become a delinquent like piccolo!
mother, piccolo-san isn't a delinquent...
delinquent! delinquent!
absolutely he's a delinquent! delinquent!
piccolo's a delinquent!!
sorry, gohan...
i had stopped her, but she forced her way in.
goku-sa!
goku-sa!!
i get it. he's hidin' somewhere, huh?
you haven't even been makin' gohan-chan do a little bit of studyin',
and now you're feelin' guilty and won't come out, huh?
goku-sa?
cell, is it?!
m-mother...
piccolo-sen!
gohan... gohan... gohan!
what's wrong? get a hold of yourself!
mother! piccolo-san!
mother! piccolo-san!
did you have some kind of bad dream?
dream?
it's down quite a bit.
you had an incredibly high fever,
and for the last two days, you've done nothing but sleep!
sorry.
it ain't something to apologize for.
lately we've had nothing but continuous harsh training,
so it couldn't be helped.
okay, get some more sleep now.
and then, once i get up, there's more training, right?
of course there is! training is strict business!
you don't like it?
don't be silly.
this time for sure,
i have to protect mother and piccolo-san from that cell guy...
good morning, ladies and gentlemen of the world.
now, for just a moment,
i have decided to intrude into your television.
as it happens, i have brought wonderful news to you ladies and gentlemen,
as you enjoy living your lives in peace.
news that will allow you to live out your days filled with even more fun,
and even more thrills.
my name is cell.
ladies and gentlemen, i'm certain you are well aware
of the incidents where many people have been wiped out by a monster every day.
i am that monster, having evolved and transformed.
for contributing so much life energy to me then, i thank you.
you may be at ease. i no longer have the need for such life energy.
i have decided to hold a martial arts tournament, called the cell games.
the location will be due northwest of the metropolis, at 28-ks-5.
i have prepared a ring there.
it will be different from the tenkaichi tournament,
in that if the warriors representing you, ladies and gentlemen, are to lose,
then the next warrior will take their place.
this gives you the advantage. even as great as i am,
if i go through too many matches, i may become tired, after all.
the rules will be just about the same as in the tenkaichi tournament.
if you concede, or if any part of your body touches outside the ring, you lose.
and, although it is my intent to hold back,
if you are killed, it too constitutes a loss.
in the event that all representative warriors are defeated by me...
what?
i have decided to kill every last person in the world.
i will gaze upon the looks of terror on your faces, acting thoroughly, sparing not a single one of you.
that rotten cell!
and with that, i would like many of you
who are sure of your strength to come participate.
if you don't want things to end up like this, that is.
and so, i will be looking forward to this.
th-that guy is despicable!
h-he said he would kill every person in the world!
what power! i was too hopeful,
thinking that we wouldn't get killed because of the rules.
yamucha-sama!
who could possibly fight against a guy like that?
even vegeta and trunks were no good against him!
and as for goku...
are you going somewhere, vegeta?
i don't care how many earthlings may die,
but i won't be content if i don't kill that scumbag.
i'll go as well!
trunks, before you go, i'll cut your hair for you.
it must be a nuisance, right?
thank you for your trouble.
cell's announcement quickly spreads terror throughout the world.
further, it is clear to everyone's eyes that, in a peaceful world,
he is a foe that the weakened military and police forces
are powerless against.
the people had forgotten that long ago,
there was a small boy who fought against piccolo daimao.
what's more, the people were unaware that there was a warrior
who fought against vegeta and the saiyans, as well as freeza...
unaware of the existence of son goku.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
nine days from today, on the morning of the 21st,
i have decided to hold a martial arts tournament, called the cell games.
in the event that all representative warriors are defeated by me,
i have decided to kill every last person in the world.
what?!
s-something astounding has happened!
"goku and gohan... the hero father and son's ultimate level-up."
after cell's television broadcast the entire world went into disarray.
as such, people began their futile efforts to hide themselves,
so as to avoid becoming targets, no matter how small.
wh-what are you doing?! hurry it up!
that monster is going to be coming!
the hell with it!
you stupid punk!
it was indeed a panic.
i feel like running somewhere far away myself.
but no matter where you run, it will be the same.
that's right.
cell said if all the representative warriors were beaten,
he would kill every human throughout the world, after all.
l-i know! what if we were to use the spaceship at bulma's house
to escape to some faraway planet?
oolong!
after all, cell might not come chasing after us into space.
you have no feelings for yamucha-sama or kuririn-san, or the others, do you?
you lousy traitor.
th-this is all my fault! if only, at that time...
i had destroyed no. 18...
i'm going to go fight cell!
what?!
it's my fault!
kuririn!
you must not go!
he is not a foe you can fight and win.
as your master, i will not allow you to throw your life away!
if you absolutely must do this,
then you can wait until the cell games have begun.
don't be so hard on yourself, kuririn.
put your money on goku and the others.
how much can those saiyans, with the ridiculous power they keep under wraps,
power themselves up in the room of spirit and time?
how long will it be before goku-san and gohan-san come out?
still nearly three more hours before one full day.
hmph! they won't necessarily come out after one full day.
they could get greedy and go considerably over their time.
there's no reason to be hasty.
there's still nine more days until the day of the fight.
it hasn't even been one whole day since you came out of the room, right?
you'd better get a little rest.
i will go in first.
that will be an outright waste of time.
what lies ahead is a domain that only saiyans can set foot into.
fine, i'll let you do as you like,
but then i will take the remaining eight days.
it's too bad about that.
you can only go into the room of spirit and time
for two days... 48 hours-during your lifetime.
wh-what?
what will happen... if you go over 48 hours?
exit from room vanishes. can never leave again.
still, dad, we can use it for about 23 more hours.
those are goku and gohan's ki.
have they already come out of the room?
what? why would they, as early as this?
oh? vegeta and trunks are here too!
i feel cell's ki too, so he's alive.
what in the world is going on?
is that gohan? i hardly recognized him!
tell me what's going on.
well, as it happens...
say, before that, mister popo, would you make us something to eat?
i'm unbelievably famished, and all!
that's just like you, goku.
yum, yum!
indeed, this is sure delicious!
goku, i'd like to ask you something...
you guys... did supposedly eat food while you were in there, didn't you?
om cosh me ane!
me nin ean, mun nee'eh me nonn no'an can coom ennyninn neshenn, shee?
sho ish minn a nonn naim shinsh me man ennynin nish nummy!
hey, don't talk until you've properly swallowed what you have in your mouth.
be sure you chew!
of course we ate!
we did eat, but neither me nor gohan can cook anything decent, right?
so it's been a long time since we had anything this yummy!
s-so that's it.
what is that? is that super saiyan?
no... the air about them is a little different.
they're in that state as if it were natural for them!
thank you for providing this feast!
ooh, i'm full, i'm full!
sorry to keep you waiting, trunks. start talking.
r-right! as it happens...
hey! hey!
you're sure caught up in that. do you see something?
out of the way!
we can't go forward, you know!
that's right, that's right!
weren't you coming this way?
if you're not coming, then i'll go to you.
you forgot something!
i don't get any of this...
this part here is strange too...
this is really no use trying to figure out...
what does all this mean?
i took a peek into no. 16's memory,
and it's all information about son-kun.
what, now? what, now?
i see.
yeah.
i'm sure no. 16 is an artificial human who doctor gero built solely to defeat son-kun.
but right now, he doesn't show that manner at all, huh?
either that, or i wonder if somewhere even now,
he's thinking that he'd like to beat son-kun.
nah...
he has a complex manner about him that i don't completely understand,
but i can't bring myself to think he's that bad a guy.
in any event, there's no doubt that he possesses an unusual gentleness to him.
that's true, huh?
maybe it's a result of history being changed,
but if you think about it, this may turn out to be lucky.
after all, he's become a valuable warrior, who will fight against cell for us.
strange things do happen, don't they?
so that's how it is, then?
a martial arts tournament, huh?
he sure has thought up something interesting.
i-interesting, you say?
mister popo, my gi ain't been thrown out, right?
n-no, not thrown out.
i washed and left it.
thank you, mister popo.
you don't have to wear that.
if you ask mom, she'll give you a new one.
naw. this is still best.
i want to fight as an earthling, as well.
piccolo-sen, i want new clothes too.
you r clothes, piccolo-sen.
understood. i'll present you with something handsome.
thank you, piccolo-sen!
so...
how about it?
do you think you have what it takes to defeat cell?
i don't know!
i ain't seen him since he's become that perfect form of his.
i think i'll go have a look at him right now.
son goku, huh?
yeah. that's right.
what do you think?
this is the ring of the cell games,
which will determine the fate of the world nine days from now.
do you like it?
it's an awfully puny ring to determine any fate.
so, you've finally turned into it, huh?
that's your perfect form, then?
that is correct.
wh-what's going on?
s-such a ferocious kfl. is that cell?
yeah. but that's not all.
there's one other, mind-boggling ki there...
goku!
it's goku's kfl.
you've finally come out, haven't you, from the room of spirit and time?
i will be sure to come for the matches. so until then,
don't you kill even a single person! got that?
it looks like it will be a good match.
son goku, huh?
it seems that this will be an even more enjoyable event than i thought.
h-how was it, goku-san?
to be honest, i didn't think he had gotten that strong.
i couldn't guess how strong he could become if he felt like it.
i won't know until i try,
but the way things are, i probably can't win, i bet.
th-that can't be!
is that so?
you'd better use the room of spirit and time again.
there is still time.
we just made up the order.
after this, i will go in,
and then i understand vegeta will be going in alone.
hmph. but really, once i go in, none of this will be necessary.
you'll excuse me, but i took a pass.
he's just not the kind of opponent i can match up against.
and then, trunks.
after that, goku and gohan, you two will go in again.
no, me and gohan have had enough. what?!
we'll train in the outer world.
we have nine whole days, so something will turn out.
wh-what did you say?!
wh-what's this? goku says they will train in the outer world?
does goku have some chance of winning?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at last, goku and gohan have finished their training. however...
i will be sure to come for the matches.
so until then, don't you kill even a single person! got that?
son goku, huh?
it seems that this will be an even more enjoyable event than i thought.
i won't know until i try,
but the way things are, i probably can't win, i bet.
you'd better use the room of spirit and time again.
there is still time.
no, me and gohan have had enough.
what?!
we'll train in the outer world.
we have nine whole days, so something will turn out.
wh-what did you say?!
goku has made an unexpected declaration.
does this mean that he has some theory on how to beat cell?
"goku's composurel? let's rest and wait for the cell games."
you've had enough?
you mean you aren't going to stay in the room of spirit and time any longer?
yeah, that's right.
why not? you could still stay in there for another full day.
being inside there is pretty hard on the body,
even if you ain't doing anything.
you can't get enough rest like that.
hmph! well, well...
has even the great kakarrot-san
finally started to whine about the harshness of that room?
maybe so.
but trying to force our bodies to get any tougher than they are now
would only be asking for pain.
and that ain't training.
but i ain't saying anything against you guys going in the room again.
it looks like you still have room to train.
what was that? i don't like how that sounded.
from what you just said,
it sounds like you're saying that your power is greater than mine.
yeah. quite a bit greater, i think.
what?!
well, let's all hang in there together. i'll see you again at the martial arts tournament.
let's go, gohan.
right.
gohan...
is it okay if we stop off somewhere for a bit?
yeah...
good day, karin-sama.
good day. it's nice to see you again.
ah, you sure have grown.
yo, yajirobe! are you back here?
what've ya come here for, son?
i'm warnin' ya right now, no matter what happens,
i ain't gonna enter that martial arts tournament, got it?
that's okay!
i ain't asked you to enter, have i?
l-in that case, fine...
when it's all said an' done,
i hafta be ready to get turned to if the worst comes 'bout, y'know?
if ya wanna call it that, i'm the secret weapon guy who's held in reserve!
listen to you.
still, the earth has come to be in quite a fix, hasn't it?
the lower realm is in a big fuss.
cell really is an awesome guy.
now that he's in his perfect form,
he's also obtained his complete strength.
and you're pretty unflustered about it, considering.
what is it?
did you make some sort of marvelous discovery inside the room of spirit and time?
oh, you know...
i-is that true?
i was there together with father the whole time...
say, karin-same, watching from here,
you can pretty much tell what cell's strength is, right?
uh-huh.
he hasn't shown his true strength yet,
so i can't say for sure, but i have a pretty good idea.
well, make a comparison for me.
i'm going to fire up my ki now.
s-say, were goku and gohan super saiyans just now?
they felt so... how should i say... natural, for being like that.
i don't think there's any mistake that they were super saiyans.
however, they must have trained so that they can maintain themselves like that
as if it were their usual, everyday form.
th-then, when they fight,
they go through another, more extraordinary transformation?
what are you, an idiot?
apparently, you haven't reconsidered anything, have you?
kakarrot has judged that state to be best.
once re-training yourself so that it is your usual state,
you can get away with raising your battle power,
while only placing a slight burden on your body.
he sure thought that through!
l-is that right...?
transforming just to power-up doesn't bring about anything...
that's why i was unable to beat cell.
what is this ki?!
l-it's goku!
s-stop already!
y-you're going to destroy this place!
waah! somebody!
that was about half of it. what do you think?
h-half, you say?
you are one terrifying fellow!
how strong are you going to get before you're finally satisfied?
is that so? has father really become all that incredible?
so, karin-same, how about comparing that to cell?
you sure ask a difficult thing.
like i said before, i can only make a guess as to an answer...
but to be honest, i still think that cell has it over you.
he's one outrageous bastard then, huh, this cell?
just as i thought, huh?
my estimate wasn't wrong, then. thank you, karin-same.
let's go, gohan.
r-right...
s-sorry to bother you.
th-they vanished! that guy ain't even human no more, huh?
anyhow i think about it, there doesn't seem to be any way for goku to win.
so why on earth is he so composed...?
i can't believe that he's just turned his back on this...
still though, what a ferocious ki that was!
however, even at that...
he wasn't putting out all of his power.
if he were to put out all of his power...
incredible!
he might be able to defeat cell.
th-that piece of crap! kakkarot...!
he's always doing that!
he's always keeping one step ahead of me!
he really knows how to piss me off!
just when i think i've overtaken him, he pushes ahead of me!
piccolo! if you're going in, then get yourself in that room now!
we're all waiting for you!
let's pick up your mother and go home.
there, we can settle down as much as we like.
we'll rest for three days, then train for three days.
after that, we'll rest another three days.
and then comes the martial arts tournament.
s-say, father...?
are you sure that's okay?
will we be able to beat cell like that?
well, not to worry, not to worry.
come on, let's go call your mother.
heya!
what's the matter, everyone?
g-goku?
yeah!
are you really goku?
yes, i am! what are you saying, old-timer?
so, you're gohan? i hardly recognize you!
it's true!
th-thanks...
goku, did you hear about the martial arts tournament that cell is holding?
yeah. i heard from trunks.
i've also gone and seen cell, now that he's in his perfect form.
y-you what?!
ah! w-with that instantaneous movement thing you talked about, right?
yeah, that's right. and you know, he really is strong!
there's no way i can match him!
h-hey, you don't need to be so modest. it's not like you.
i ain't being modest, it's true.
but you still have some breathing room for strength, don't you?
are you sure you're not hiding something?
never mind that, where's chichi?
i was planning on taking her home with us.
chichi-san is up on the second floor.
hey, chichi!
what? is that you, goku-sa?
good grief, where have you been up until now...?
yo, chichi! let's all go home together.
mother, let's hurry and go.
are you gohan-chan?
th-that's right...
what are you saying, chichi?
n-now, chichi-san...
wh-what's goin' on with the color of your hair?!
is this dyed?!
yow-ow-ow-ow!
no, that's not it, chichi.
my gohan-chan has gone and become a delinquent!
it's not like that, i tell you.
now then, how about a little light warm-up?
it's times like this when freeza and his father's cells come in useful.
this may be nothing more than trivial entertainment,
but how about i show the humans something nice.
how pretty!
what could this be? shooting stars, at this time of day!
there's nothing to be done...!
goku-sa?
huh?
gohan-chan?
huh? where did those two go off to?
it sure is quiet here.
yeah.
say, father...
i'm glad.
how come?
you promised me, a long time ago, that we'd go fishing.
i promised you that?
you know, when you first fought vegeta.
huh? when?
you know, that one time...
kuririn!
don't you remember, goku?
goku, it's too bad we're always having to leave our fate up to you, huh?
don't you die now, my friend.
right!
father...!
gohan...
once your daddy comes back alive,
let's go fishing or something again, okay?
right?
so, back then, huh?
since then, all we've done is training and other stuff,
so we never once went fishing together.
sorry about that, gohan.
goku, the truth is,
i need to apologize to you for something.
for what?
the reason cell was able to become his perfect form
is because i wasn't able to shut down no. 18.
don't worry about that.
we're thrilled to be able to fight against somebody this strong.
somehow, it doesn't seem right, you know?
always having you save us...
what's with you, kuririn? you're acting like we're strangers.
that's right!
it's not like you to be like this, kuririn-san.
nah. recently, there's been so much distance placed between us...
it almost seems like it couldn't be true that we ever fought each other.
really? for my part, i remember when we trained together
under old timer turtle hermit like it was yesterday.
cut it out. that was long in the past.
oh, you don't know what you're saying!
h-help me! goku!
kuririn! i'm sorry!
you're the same as ever, goku!
falling for a simple trick like that!
you got me, huh kuririn?
this feels great!
goku really is unaffected.
it's as if nothing at all has changed from how he was in the past.
i get it!
goku and gohan are still training, even though they're like this!
all right, why don't i test him out?
i'm sure that, even though it looks like he's asleep,
he's well aware of everything surrounding him...
he'll dodge this stone like it was nothing!
that has to be it!
ee-yow!
what did you do that for, kuririn?!
s-s-sorry...!
even if i am super saiyan, whatever hurts still hurts, you know!
huh...?
yum!
yum!
thank you for providing this feast!
now, gohan, since you're through eatin', you've got studyin'.
right.
th-this is the training in the outside world that goku talked about?
can they really beat cell by doing this?
i'm full! i'm full!
are you really sure it's okay to be doing this, goku?
nine days remain until the martial arts tournament of terror,
the cell games, are held.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
looking toward the cell games, the martial arts tournament that cell is holding,
each warrior is determined to train. however...
let's pick up your mother and go home.
there, we can settle down as much as we like.
we'll rest for three days, then train for three days. after that, we'll rest another three days.
and then comes the martial arts tournament.
s-say, father...?
are you sure that's okay?
will we be able to beat cell like that?
well, not to worry, not to worry.
come on, let's go call your mother.
goku and gohan try to live their lives in a natural state.
can they really beat cell in his perfect form like this?
"a warrior's rest... the girl, the lies, and gohan's resolution."
that was a close one, huh?
what are you doing, you pervert?!
p-pervert?
ny m !
i wonder what that could be.
oh well... shopping, shopping!
have all the people here run away too?
i've been around to five places already,
and haven't been able to get a bit of shopping done.
i can't just go taking things from stores without telling anyone, after all.
i sure hope there's someone here.
ah, good. there are people here.
look! i'm telling you, hurry up and give us the food and liquor!
i have nothing to give you guys. now go on back where you came from!
what? do you mean to defy us, bourbon's men?!
old man, i'm telling you, if you do as we say, we'll let you into bourbon-saws shelter dome.
that thing won't do any good!
how many times do i have to say it before you understand?
um...
who are you?!
i wanted to buy some seasoning.
this store doesn't have anything to sell.
now go on and get out of here.
and yet there's so much here?
this has all been bought up by the bourbon estate!
don't be ridiculous!
what?! young one, what seasonings would you like?
let's see, um...
old man! why don't you stop being so stubborn already?!
everyone from around here is cooperating to build the shelter.
cooperating, you say?!
after threatening the villagers and driving them to work so hard?!
apparently, we aren't going to come to any understanding with just words...
now stop that!
it's cell! cell is here!
what?! it can't be!
cell, they say?
this is bad! we have to hurry and escape to the shelter!
geezer!
if you want to have everything your way, then you can just stay here and be eaten!
cell is in a place like this...?
everyone! cell is here! it's cell!
if you don't run away quick, you'll be in big trouble!
you're the girl who i just...!
now see here, lime! was that you again?
i told you, you cannot tell such lies!
lies?
that's the shelter to protect everyone from cell?
that's right.
several hundred people from the city have fled inside there.
but, why do they think it's safe around here?
they say that once cell attacks a place once,
he doesn't show up there again.
or so that's the worthless rumor they seem to believe.
then that means...
yes. a little while ago, cell appeared in this village.
i can't absorb any decent life's energy in a place like this!
this girl's parents were taken at that time.
is that right?
anyone who has seen that monster once
knows one thing right down to their souls:
wherever you run, it's still all the same.
that thing is good for nothing more than easing your mind.
it's like they're all fools!
eight more days.
there isn't anyone in the world that can beat that monster.
until the world ends, we're just trying to live here quietly.
gramps, are you getting tired?
how about if i trade with you?
it's too much for you to do just yet.
i'll help you out.
well then, if i can ask it of you.
big brother!
yow-ow-ow-ow-ow!
big brother, you're such a fool!
you have to use an ax to cut the firewood. here.
th-that's right, huh?
goku, are you really sure it's okay to just be taking it easy like this?
what do you mean?
there's only eight days left!
there has to be something you can do before then, right?
watching you yawn so widely,
it's putting my sense of tension through the ringer!
it is? sorry.
you really aren't someone that gets nervous.
hey, hey, you guys! don't dawdle around!
we have to get all of the non-perishables carried in here in under an hour!
you got that?!
you stupid bastards!
cell hasn't shown up anywhere! what were you thinking?!
geez, you've been fooled again and again!
we' re sorry, bourbon-san.
when we get frightened by cell, there's nothing we can do...
i don't even want to look at your faces!
get lost, right now!
there's no reason for that cell bastard to come here, is there?
and even if he does come,
as long as i'm inside this shelter dome, i can relax.
those of us who survive will need power and money.
and i have both of them!
you're in a good mood.
if it isn't the sensei!
is something the matter?
i am gratified that you have hired me as a professional killer,
but i cannot stand being as bored as this.
as such, i wonder if there's anyone you wish to have killed?
i will take care of one person for 50 million zeni.
when the time comes, i will have plenty of work for you to do,
tao pai pai-sensei, the greatest assassin in the world!
is that so? that's a shame.
at that time, i will not have my special discount rate,
so you will use up all the money you have there in a flash.
th-that's okay! i still have more, you see.
is that right?
piccolo, just you try to go even one second past twenty-four hours!
i'll march right in there and chase you out!
what's the matter, piccolo?
are you saying that you can beat me with that level of power?
wh-why you...!
damn...
i'm not done yet!
hey there, young one!
do you want anything besides these seasonings?
i wonder where those two went.
big brother, you're a kind person, aren't you?
you think so?
i can tell just by looking at you.
you're definitely someone who doesn't fight.
but i like people who are strong. like gramps.
like gramps?
he may not look like it, but gramps used to be a martial arts master.
a long time ago, he even entered the tenkaichi tournament!
oh, is that right?
in fact, i think it would be best if gramps went and,
bam-bam, took care of bourbon.
what could that be?
the shelter dome has been completed. it has to be that.
why don't we go see?
mm-hmm.
thanks to everyone's efforts,
the shelter dome has at last been completed!
it pleases me down to the bottom of my heart
that i am able to save the lives of so many people here in this shelter dome!
how does he dare say that? all right, then...
it's cell! cell is here!
lime-chan!
c-cell?!
i can't be killed like this!
cell is here! run away, quickly! it's cell!
hey, close the gate, quick!
but there are still people out front!
you dumb bastard! who cares about them?!
open up!
see, big brother?
he's shown his true colors now, right?
so, it's you!
you're the one who tricked us earlier too, aren't you?
hey, bourbon! this isn't what you promised us!
that's right! we already paid you our money!
i guess you're just out of luck, huh?
we're what?!
bourbon-sen, please, take it easy!
it was just some brat who was playing a prank on us!
what?!
some brat playing a prank, you say?!
bourbon-sen, she's the one.
you're quite a dreadful little girl, aren't you?!
bourbon-sen, i have something to say.
surely, it isn't good for this girl to be telling lies,
but i don't think you're in the right either.
who are you, now?
i don't have any business with you!
you can't escape from cell inside a dome like this. besides...
shut up! shut up! come on, men, make this kid shut up!
right!
hey, stop that! he's just a child, you know!
don't do anything cruel!
you shut up!
if you want to come inside the shelter dome,
then stop complaining about what i say!
hold it!
oh'. (stamps!
i will not allow you to do anything to those children!
what?
there's no reason to be afraid of that old man! give it to him!
gramps, i'll help too!
no, i can take care of this alone.
you bastard!
damn you!
how dare you do that to my partner!
why, you...!
d-dammit! sensei! tao pai pai-sensei!
is there something i can do for you?
sensei, the time for you to work has come.
that guy! dispose of him, please.
very well then, i shall put him away with no trouble.
oh, weren't you lucky to have dodged that?
grampg!
young one, if you were to fight him, something awful will happen.
leave him to me.
have you realized who i am?
sensei! get him once and for all!
it may be more than you deserve,
but i'm going to let you have my super dodon-pa!
die!! super dodon-pal!
grampsl!
wh-what?!
i-impossible!
i will take you on now!
big brother!
you're an impudent little turd, aren't you?
very well, i'll kill you first.
then again, it seems as though i've met this kid somewhere before...
kid, what is your name?!
son gohan!
s-son, you say?! then, you must be son goku's...
son goku is my father!
what?!
yow! yow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow! i'm sorry! i'm sorry! i'm sorry!
now you've fallen for it!
what's the matter, sensei? let him have it good, please!
that's it. i'm quitting.
i'm quitting as your bodyguard.
farewell!
tao pai pai-sensei!
sensei! i'll pay you any amount of money you want!
please, do something about them!
you mean me?
yes, i do! don't be silly, sensei!
wh-what are you doing?
don't you know?
someone with my level of power was able to destroy it that easily, see?
there's no way you could have protected yourselves against cell, is there?
everyone, it's all right.
there will surely be someone who can beat cell
appearing at the martial arts tournament in eight days.
please, do not worry, and go about your usual lives.
gohan!
father!
you never came back after you went shopping,
and now your mother is furious!
i forgot!
here, big brother!
th-thanks.
you must be this boy's father.
yeah, that's right.
both of you have uncommon power, huh?
you can tell that, old-timer?
gramps,
thank you very much.
come visit us again.
right!
let's go, gohan.
right!
be sure you defeat cell for us!
you're entering, aren't you? into this tenkaichi tournament?
big brother! bye bye!
eight days remain until the cell games are held.
will goku and gohan be able to surpass cell's perfect form before then?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku and gohan have gone into training on the earth's surface,
whereby they rest for three days, train for three days,
and then rest for three days, as super saiyans.
i will take you on now!
and, in the heavenly realm, piccolo,
having entered the room of spirit and time for the first time,
was engaged in rigorous training as well.
be sure you defeat cell for us!
you're entering, aren't you? into this tenkaichi tournament?
eight days remain until the cell games,
which have plunged all of earth into the depths of terror, are held.
"hidden power!! when gohan was a baby."
i remember at the time, yajirobe was like,
"sorry 'bout that!
l-i got lotsa respect for ya! lemme be your friend!"
that's no good, gohan.
you've got to control your power just so, like me...
whoops! i goofed, i goofed! but not this time...!
oh, man...
you gotta be kiddin' me!!
i don't care if it's because you're goin' to fight cell or not,
when you're eatin' at least, stop bein' super saiyan!
at this rate, no matter however many place settin's...
no, however many houses we may have... it won't be enough!
this afternoon, i was meanin' to have a birthday party for gohan!
why are you doin' this to me?!
birthday party?
but mother, today isn't my birthday...
i know that!
but even so, listen.
when you were in that room of spirit and time place,
gohan-chan turned 11 years old!
birthdays are important milestones and all.
i decided that we were goin' to celebrate it today.
now, goku-sa, you go on out.
g-go? go where?
while i'm gettin' ready for the party,
i couldn't stand it if you broke anythin' else on me.
go catch us a huge fish or somethin' for the party.
i set you.
if that's the case, i guess i'll be off.
i'll go too!
father, me too.
gohan-chan, you'll stay here studyin'.
until the party begins, you study good and hard!
after all, you've fallen behind a whole year's worth!
even though it's my birthday?
your birthday's got nothin' to do with it!
b-but...
gohan...
your mother's right. you stay here and study.
wh-what?
g-goku!
father!
goku-sa!
you don't have a fever...
great, great! it sounds like he's studyin' nice and hard.
but still, what has come over goku-sa?
he's never once before told him to study,
or anythin' else a father might say.
it's kind of spooky, huh?
i hope it doesn't start snowin' red snow next.
yahoo!
goku is romping around like a little kid!
hey, kuririn!
here!
you know, goku...
it would have been nice if gohan could have come too.
chichi-san doesn't have anything else in her mind except for studying.
on top of that, after having even you tell him to study like that,
i feel sorry for gohan.
it's all right.
in eight days, me and gohan have to go fight cell.
cell is ridiculously strong.
to be honest, it's a fight i ain't sure we can win.
so, during the time until then,
i want to allow gohan to be together with chichi.
goku...
let's see...
i'm sure i put that tablecloth away in here somewhere...
where is it, where is it?
yow!
what's this?
wow! this sure takes me back!
he's gotten a lot bigger now,
but there was a time when he was like this, too.
he's so cute.
but ain't he awful tiny?
babies are supposed to be tiny.
um... w-we oughtta be givin' him a name before too long, huh?
i've already thought up a name for him.
y-you've already thought of one?
einstein.
einstein? einstein?
that's a fantastic name for a scholar!
huh?
there, there. that's better.
i'm sure he's not fond of that name.
oh, no! well, archimedes is okay, too.
that's no good either.
well then, what do you think is good, pa?
i thought up a whole mess of them!
see?
here goes! ready?
gyumataro... gyumahiko... doctor gyuma... gyumanosuke...
gyumashin... gyumantohihi... gyumasuki...!
pa, yours aren't any good either.
no good, huh?
that's right...!
me?
goku-sa, haven't you thought of any names?
you've got some, right? at least one?
'an.
'an.
i'm hungry!
goku-sa!
what are you talkin' about, here at an important time like this?!
we just ate asagohan a little while ago! [asagohanz breakfast]
i mean really! you're not a child!
can't you wait until hirugohan?! [hirugohan: lunch]
sorry, sorry...
goku-sa, you're always like this!
oh, chichi!
what?!
uh, listen to this for a sec!
asagohan!
hirugohan'.!
gohan!
gohan...?
that's it! this guy wants to have grandpa's name!
i'm sure that's gotta be it.
if you wanna give him the name of my fellow pupil,
son gohan, i got no complaints.
all right! you're gohan! son gohan!
so, you're happy about that too, gohan? son gohan!
goku-sa...
gohan!
you don't have to study any more today!
what are you doin'?!
hurry up and go help goku-sa!
right!
currently, i am extremely scared!
however, today i will gather my courage,
and literally put my life at risk, in order to bring you this report.
ladies and gentlemen, please watch.
that person over there is he
who is now the topic of conversation throughout the world, cell.
why did i take this job, anyway?
when all of humanity could be destroyed in eight days anyhow,
what will it gain me to go to my grave now?
however, i've realized this too late.
it's all hopeless. i can only keep going.
i'm scared, all right!
ladies and gentlemen,
just in case something happens, let me wish you my final farewells.
hurry it "p!
right...
cell-san, please excuse me a moment.
uh, where is it that you come from?
are the rumors that you came here in a ufo from deep space true?
what is your true goal in holding the cell games?
if all of the representatives lose to you,
which of earth's districts will you begin destroying first?
if humans were to escape into space in a rocket,
would you chase them down and kill them?
you are annoying scum.
and you're in my way.
l-it's huge!
i wonder if this will do.
sorry, but would you share some of your fruit with us?
okay, that's enough, goku!
bravo, bravo!
wow, how pretty!
look there, gohan-chan! there's some birds!
parents and child, three of them. just like us.
you're right.
there, did you see them, gohan-chan?
oh, no!
wait up!
gohan!
gohan-chan!
g-gohan-chan! goku-sa, don't dilly-dally, stop him!
whoops...!
gohan-chan!
gohan-chan!
you're not hurt anywhere?
thank goodness!
your father saved you! that's your father for you!
no, it wasn't me...
it's great that you saved him, but goku-sa,
it was wrong of you to be lettin' go of the handrail in the first place!
if you hadn't been lucky, he could have gotten killed!
if you aren't more careful, there's gonna be trouble, you know!
s-sorry.
come on, gohan-chan, let's just ignore this awful father
and go home together with your mother, okay?
ah, chichi!
sorry about that, making a hole and everything...
father, let's go home.
yeah, right.
i'm sure there's an incredible feast waiting for us!
i'm so hungry!
gohan-chan, congratulations on your 11th birthday.
"happy birthday."
thanks!
i brought you a heap of presents, gohan!
wow, incredible! thanks, grandpa gyumao!
now then, gohan-chan,
first you have to blow out the candles on your cake.
great!
be sure to make a wish!
right.
gohan, looks like you still can't control your power, huh?
gohan...!
mother, i'm sorry.
what's the use?
you are goku-sa's child, after all.
goku and chichi have warmly watched over gohan's development.
and gohan has also felt the deep affection held by both of them.
however, will goku and gohan be able to preserve peaceful times such as these?
seven days remain until the cell games are held.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
goku and gohan were living life in their super saiyan state.
unable to control their ki, they made a mess of the inside of the house!
"happy birthday."
as the days leisurely went by, their family ties grew deeper.
however, the fated day of the cell games was drawing ever closer.
"seek out kami-sama!! goku's great instantaneous movement."
sheesh! what are you dragging this out for, scum?!
or have you gone and kicked the bucket in there?!
s-still time before 24 hours up.
dammit!
just you try going even one second over!
i'll drag you out of there, even if i have to knock down the door to do it!
ah! he's coming out!
hmph! so you've finally come out, huh?
now then, it's my turn.
piccolo-san's power has risen exceptionally!
what's with you? you haven't changed at all.
what were you, napping or something?
just you watch, kakarrot!
i will surpass you! count on it!
everyone throughout the world,
our royal defense force is determined...
to use all of its power to put a halt
to the monster that calls itself cell.
please, do not panic, but rather wait calmly...
there's no way an army can win against him, don't you know?
all we can do is rely on son-kun and the others.
you know, this really is incredible.
i was surprised just by you having an even greater superpower
than no. 17 and no. 18,
but you even have a device that can detect ki.
what's more, i have absolutely no idea what it's made of.
oh, there's one, there's one! see there?
there are some huge fish in this lake!
s-say, father?
are you sure it's okay for us to be taking it so easy?
indeed! what are you so relaxed for?
don't worry, i tell you!
something will turn up, most likely.
m-most likely?
it's all right, we can win!
i told you, didn't i,
that there ain't any meaning for us to train any harder than we already have?
we've gone right up to our limits.
r-right...
well, goku, if you're the one who says so,
i guess we'll just have to believe it.
you guys! our lunches are ready!
oh? thank you!
now then, don't worry about it, just take it easy, and let's enjoy ourselves!
it sure looks good!
still and all, i wouldn't have expected this.
goku, when did you get your driver's license?
you know what? it was three years ago, together with piccolo.
w-with piccolo...?
yup! but you know what?
the two of them were really wild, and they upset their instructors.
at first, they didn't pass.
l-i think i get the idea.
but you know what?
i pleaded as hard as i could to the instructors
and got them to let him take it again!
and he finally got it!
so, what about the written exam?
i stayed up all night drillin' goku-sa on it.
i should have known!
and as a result,
it's so nice that we can have goku-sa take us out for a drive like this!
i'm so happy about it!
it's almost like i'm havin' a dream!
goku-sa, you really are one sharp husband!
i know!
let's stop off at muten roshi-sama's place on our way home!
yeah.
hey! what's taking so long?! i'll flatten you!
shut your trap,
or you're gonna get eaten by cell!
that's one incredible traffic jam.
everyone's runnin' away from the cities.
you can't blame them.
you'd have to think that the rural areas would be safer, after all.
that could be it, i guess.
none of the stores are open, huh?
everyone is closed.
that's what happens when you might die in another seven days.
nobody's gonna work.
aw, this makes shoppin' for anything impossible!
and here i wanted to buy a present to take to old man turtle hermit.
we interrupt this program for a special news bulletin.
oh, there's someone who's working!
in order to defeat the monster who calls himself cell,
the royal defense force is heading to 28-ks mark 5.
it appears that the attack is just about to begin.
what?!
ladies and gentleman, please observe.
this is the vast army of the royal defense force,
with all of its power concentrated together!
no matter how great a monster he may be,
i doubt there is anything he can do against this force!
d-did he say army?
idiots! what are they thinking?
don't they know they're just going to get killed in vain?!
my, my... has the army of fools arrived?
prepare to attack!
h-he's running away!
idiot. i just don't want the ring
i went to such trouble to make to get destroyed.
don't let him get away! fire! begin an all-out attack!
an incredible barrage has begun! listen to the sound of that!
l-it's a tremendous assault! it's still... still going on!
after taking this kind of attack directly,
there can scarcely be any hide or hair of him left!
g-get out of there...! hurry!
all right! cease fire!
stop! that's enough!
stop shooting!
how's that? serves you right!
l-it can't be...!
i-impossible...
he's still alive! he's a monster!
the foolish must be given their punishment.
u-unbelievable! he's still alive!
c-cell appears to be completely unaffected!
s-stop! cell, don't kill them!
stopl!
d-damn it all...!
that did at least kill some time.
sorry about this, but you all go on ahead without me.
i have to go see piccolo about something.
s-say, what could he have to see piccolo about?
beats me...
goku!
huh? piccolo, by any chance, did you go into the room of spirit and time too?
that's right.
i knew it! i can tell, the way your very level has increased.
how about being candid with me?
i may have become stronger,
but it still won't be of any use against cell, right?
nope. it's no use, all right.
you really do put it candidly.
so, what have you come here for?
tell me, can you split into two again,
like how you were before you merged with kami-sama?
what?
see, when kami-sama and piccolo merged together,
the dragon balls disappeared, right?
there are a lot of people who cell has killed that somehow need to be brought back to life,
and i think that we're going to need them after this, as well.
i get you. but unfortunately, it's not possible.
once we've united together, we can never become a pair again.
otherwise, kami wouldn't have hesitated so much over uniting.
is that right?
so that won't work, huh? sure enough...
say, i heard from gohan that the surviving people
from namek went off to some other planet, right?
maybe i can go seek them out.
what?
if possible, supposing one of them doesn't mind staying here on earth for a long time,
then both kami-sama and the dragon balls can be restored! right?
i'm going to head out for a bit, in search of namekians!
if you find new kami-sama, popo happy too!
but goku, how are you going to get them to come?
we don't even know what planet they went to.
it's going to take too much time.
what are you talking about?
i've got my instantaneous movement ability, ain't i?
all i have to do is search out a ki that's very similar to yours, piccolo,
and that will be the planet where the namekians are...
can you sense ki that are that far away?
probably.
as long as it's not too far away, i think i'll be all right.
let's give it a try, right now. be quiet for me for a bit...
sorry, no good! now what do we do?
l-i know!
i might be able to search for them from where kaio-sama is!
let's see, kaio-sama, kaio-sama...
i've found you!
do you think this is going to work?
i don't know whether we can count on him or not.
let's see, where are you, kaio-sama...?
there you are, there you are!
yo, bubbles! it's been too long. how are you?
kaio-sama, could you wake up for a second?
it's me, son goku.
how pesky... goku?
oh, goku!
so, that's super saiyan, is it?
what are you doing here, out of the blue? are you here to pass some time?
geez, what is it with you? you sure are laid back.
don't you know that there's something terrible happening on earth?
there is no longer anything mankind can do against the devilish cell.
however, how is it that goku can be so calm?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at length, the armed forces took action. however...
prepare to attack!
the foolish must be given their punishment.
stopl!
they were unable to do anything before the monster cell.
elsewhere, goku said...
i'm going to head out for a bit,
in search of a namekian who will become our new kami-sama!
our kami-sama will be restored,
and the dragon balls will be restored as well!
in order to search out the location of the new planet namek,
he instantaneously moved to kaio's planet.
goku?
"dende's first task!! the dragon balls restored."
good day!
oh, how good of you to come, how good of you to come!
goku-sa went off somewhere right in the middle of our drive!
what in the world is he thinkin'?!
everyone throughout the world, this is your monarch.
a-as you have witnessed from that earlier broadcast,
the combined forces of our military were dealt a destructive blow by cell.
i am accountable for everything.
i am terribly sorry.
there was nothing else that we could have done.
to be completely honest, there is nothing we can do.
however, please do not panic.
a savior, such as the young boy who defeated piccolo daimao so long ago,
(ma)! yet appear again.
let us pray to kami, our god.
you can pray, but there is no kami-sama.
so that's it, huh? artificial human cell?
that is indeed something terrible.
you know, there are all sorts of terrible things that happen around you,
one after another, huh?
mm-hmm.
that's why i was thinking, why don't we have another namekian become kami-sama,
and then get the dragon balls restored?
it sure would help me
just knowing which direction the planet where the namekians are is, though.
you got it. i'll give it a shot.
let's see...
it sure would be nice if we succeed in finding them.
mister pope, you know,
seems awfully lonesome ever since kami-sama has been gone.
i guess that's to be expected, though, living all by himself in that temple.
of course he would be! that's just what you'd...
shut up!! keep quiet! i can't concentrate, you know!
a-e-i-o-u!
geez, be serious, would you?
sorry, sorry.
i found them, i found them!
this time for real. this direction.
really? thank you!
all right, this way, then?
even far away, if i at least know which direction to look in,
i might be able to latch on to their ki...
incredible! instantaneous movement, huh?
when did you come to learn that technique?
oh, i know! instantaneous movement is the specialty move of the yardratians!
you had the yardratians teach it to you, huh?
that makes sense.
you know, that must be convenient, huh?
be quiet, would you?!
oh, don't mind me!
i did it! this is the ki!
without a doubt, this is a namekian kfl.
thank you, kaio-sama'.!
wh-what?
there are a whole bunch of piccolos here!
g-g rand elder-sama...!
wh-who are you?
um, my name is son goku, and i've come from earth.
you're the goku-san who fought freeza on planet namek, and saved us all.
planet namek blew up, though...
it seems that earth is in quite a terrible uproar, huh?
you know about how cell is running rampant?
we don't know any details,
but there is an evil kithat spreads even here, to our planet.
well, that saves me some explaining.
the truth is,
i'm here looking for someone who would become our kami-sama.
a namekian, who will restore our dragon balls,
so we can bring back to life the people that cell has killed.
there's a guy named piccolo,
who says he originally came from planet namek.
piccolo? ah, you must mean the child of katattsu.
it sure would help us out if one of you
would come to earth and be our kami-sama.
go to earth?
yeesh, earth, huh?
i get you.
in that case, we have just the right person!
really?
hey, dende!
come over here.
r"right!
this is dende.
he is good friends with your son, gohan-kun, as well as kuririn-san.
ever since then, he has been longing for earth.
he's always saying "i miss them, i miss gohan-kun and the others."
that's great! but unless you can handle the dragon balls...
it's all right.
despite how he may look, dende is a brilliant dragon-type.
i'm sure he will become a fine kami-sama!
is that right? gotcha.
nice meeting you, dende.
r-right. that goes for me, too.
well, let's leave right away.
thanks. we'll take responsibility for looking after dende.
farewell, everyone!
take care!
steady on, dende!
goku-san, we pray for earth's peace.
yeah, thank you.
kaio-sama! it went great!
this is earth's new kami-sama.
well then, see you later!
hey! i just came from the new planet namek!
d-dende?!
this person new kami-sama?
yeah.
y-you're sure that dende can serve as kami-sama?
it'll be fine, i tell you! wait here for a minute.
i'm going to bring kuririn and gohan here right away. all right, then...
people of the world, we have wonderful news for you!
that ultra-gifted combat sportsman, our hero satan,
has decided to enter that tournament of death, the cell games!
here is our superhero, satan!
satan! satan!
satan! satan! satan!
satan! satan!
who is that guy?
he's the world champion of combat sports.
are you sure you'll be all right, mister satan?
your opponent, cell, is capable of annihilating even whole armies.
that was nothing more than a trick.
he planted explosives there ahead of time.
i figured that out right away.
when compared to a combat sportsman, it's almost as if he's an amateur!
i, satan, will be sure to crush this crazy sham artist!
got that, people of earth?!
way to go! satan!
satan! satan!
good grief, there's no helping this idiot.
goku-sa, where in the world did you go, leavin' the rest of us behind?!
c-chichi, just a minute!
kuririn, gohan, come with me, would you?
i brought back our new kami-sama!
you know dende, right? the namekian?
huh? dende?
gohan-san! kuririn-san!
it's true! it's dende!
it sure has been a long time! it's great that you came, dende!
say, is it true you're going to be earth's kami-sama?
y-yes.
sure you are. ever since long ago, you've had promise.
now we can see each other every day!
so then, dende...
are you truly able to handle the dragon balls?
it's all right!
that oldster namekian said that dende was a brilliant dragon-type.
oldster?
h-he means the grand elder-same.
r-right, right.
the grand elder-sama vouched for him, so there ain't no mistaking it.
given a hundred days, i believe i can have the dragon balls ready.
a hundred days?! is that how long it takes?!
i know!
if you have the dragon balls you used previously on earth,
and a model of the dragon,
i can restore them right away!
really?
the previous ones should have turned to stone,
and are scattered across the earth's surface.
there is dragon model, made by mister popo.
that's great!
so, we've got it made, don't we?
all right!
so, how about it?
will we be able to have three wishes granted,
like it was when we were on planet namek?
yes!
then, like before,
will it be possible to bring many people back to life
and such with just one wish?
for example, "please bring everyone who was killed by cell back to life."
i-it's not as though i can't do something like that on my first casting,
but it does mean that there can only be two wishes granted.
huh? is that all it takes, and it will be all right?
yes.
that will be fine.
make it so they can do that.
understood. now then, i'll need the model of the dragon...
mister popo, go bring us the model.
right.
mister popo made this.
such an interesting shape for a dragon!
well, i'll give it a try now.
dende, good luck!
take it easy doing this!
right!
there, i think the dragon balls that were turned to stone
and scattered about have now been restored.
really?
outstanding!
well done! he certainly does appear to possess a brilliant power.
all right.
well, i'll go borrow the dragon radar from bulma, and gather them up.
we'll leave you to it, goku.
yeah. gohan, you don't need to do any more training,
so until the cell games start, you stay here and play with dende.
b-but...
it's okay, it's okay, don't worry.
ah, goku-san, can i ask you something?
huh? what is it?
goku-san, your composure... by any chance,
is it because of some weakness you've discovered in cell?
that's it, right?
nah, i doubt that guy has any weaknesses.
well, i'm off.
oh my, son-kun'.!
hey, this artificial human is one incredible construction!
doctor gero may not have been much of a person,
but he definitely was a genius.
anyhow, bulma, i'd like to borrow your dragon radar.
i brought back a new kami-sama from planet namek.
wow, nice going, huh?
sure thing, it's in that drawer over there.
thank you.
oh, there it is!
looks like it's working fine.
as long as i have this, i can tell the exact location of the dragon balls.
okay, i'll just take this with me.
oh, just a second!
that's too bad, i wanted to ask how trunks was doing.
i guess it's okay...
around here, maybe?
oh, yeah! it's right nearby!
this place is a bit spread-out, huh?
gohan-san, have you heard anything?
goku-san has clearly stated that cell is stronger than he is,
and that he doesn't know of any weaknesses.
and yet, how is it that he's so cheery?
father hasn't told me anything, either.
he just keeps telling me to look forward to this.
look forward to it?
but look, if he says to look forward to it,
then surely there must be some chance of winning, right?
it could be just ordinary defiance.
it's definitely around here somewhere...
hey, you! there are sandstorms that blow through this area!
watch yourself!
so that's it!
the dragon ball got buried deep in the ground from the sandstorms!
thank you!
all right...
what is it? what's happening? is it a whirlwind? whoa...!
here it is! it really has become a dragon ball!
the dragon balls have been restored.
and so, time passed, with everyone harboring their own speculations.
that's two that i've found...
only a short time remains before the cell games.
this is boring.
perhaps when i said ten days, that was too long.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
dende, who goku brought from the planet of new namek,
has become the earth's new kami-sama.
the dragon balls were restored.
all right. well, i'll go and gather them up.
that's two that i've found...
this is boring.
perhaps when i said ten days, that was too long.
the opening of the tournament of terror, the cell games, is coming soon.
"a hard problem for gokul? take back the dragon balls."
gohan, are you studying there?
yeah. it's what mother tells me to do.
no matter where you are, if you have any free time,
do as many drills as you can, she says.
yeah? that's pretty commendable.
actually, i brought some drills myself. i'm going to do mine, too!
huh? you've got drills and stuff on planet namek, too?
of course we do!
you have to study if you want to be an outstanding dragon-type.
it's all in namekian, so i can't understand a thing.
aw, this is awful.
with you two suddenly starting to study like this,
it makes me look like a slacker, you know?
i think i'll go to the kame house.
short time left before cell games.
has goku gathered dragon balls?
people of the world!
the combat sports champion,
mister satan's demonstration is about to begin!
satan!
satan! satan! satan! satan!
and now, our hero, satan, is about to enter the stadium!
oh! satan is pulling along four buses all by himself!
what monstrous strength!
not that man again...
hm? mister satan has produced something.
what could he be planning to do now?
oh, my! they're phone books!
what's more, he has three volumes!
what could he be doing with those phone books?
d-don't tell me...
don't tell me he intends to tear them apart!
he did it! he's done it!
er, mister satan,
would you tell us what your plans are for the cell games?
miserable cell, you're going to regret this!
you will share the same fate as this bus!
oh, as we might have expected of mister satan!
satan is indeed our one star of hope!
he will definitely give cell an out-and-out thrashing!
l-i can't pull my hand out...
satan! satan! satan! satan!
i can't watch.
there sure are some incredible people in this world, huh?
that's four that i've found!
d-dad, how did it go?
huh? two of the dragon balls are together, and they're moving.
who's there?
it's me.
oh, tao pai pai-sensei. i've been waiting for you.
sensei, have you brought the goods you promised me?
right here.
so there are dragon balls, which are said to be able to grant any wish, huh?
it was hard work.
i will let you have them for one hundred million zeni each.
as long as i have these, it means that i, vodka-same,
the emperor of gangsters, will survive,
even if that monster cell does destroy the earth!
that is correct.
i see. after cell is gone, i will place my wish with the dragon balls,
and create a gangster empire!
in every age, it is the people who have the money and the power that prosper!
so... when will you bring me the remaining dragon balls?
don't be so hasty, i will bring them here right away, you'll see.
is that right?
i'm counting on you, sensei.
and here i just happened to find those by accident...
it looks like they're around here.
who's this guy?
a d-dragon ball!
what?!
they're inside here, all right.
it seems we have a pigeon who has come right to us.
pigeon?
where? where?
let's pluck him right away.
ahh, right you are!
pigeon...?
huh?
i'm letting myself in!
now that he's inside my mansion, i can dish it out any way i want to!
we got him!
banzai! banzai! banzai!
huh? i broke it!
i wonder if i've done something wrong.
wh-what's the meaning of this?
have you been performing periodic inspections?
well, how about it?!
n-no!
you stupid bastards!
you've got to perform those inspections,
or they won't be of any use when the time comes, you know!
w-we're sorry!
all right. we'll bring him into this room, surprise him,
and get his dragon ball away from him!
hm? i'm getting closer.
how nice of you to come in. now that you're in this room...
hey! over here!
huh?
over here, over here.
the dragon balls!
how nice of you to come in. now that you're in this room...
you'd better leave your dragon ball and get out of here right now,
unless you want to get hurt!
if it ain't tao pai pai!
what?
it's me! it's son goku!
son goku...?
you may have been a bad guy, but this sure does take me back!
aw, crap...
where have you hidden it, eh? this pigeon...
you've brought one, haven't you?
pigeon?
"pigeon? "pigeon?
don't play stupid! the one we're going to pluck!
i don't know who you mean.
l-in any case, hand over that dragon ball!
what are you doing?!
dammit...!
why, you ruffian!
whoops, i inadvertently put too much power in that.
shoot him!!
h-he's a monster!
sorry, sorry, are you okay?
b-boss!
d-don't panic, you idiot!
i thought that something like this might happen,
and i've taken every defensive measure!
b-b-boss!
hurry! hurry!
oh, you sure did it, huh?
l~\ \ \i~ i~ 3r q q \ \ i.
do you know what this is?!
this, see...
is a barrier!
no matter how strong you may be, i doubt you can break through this barrier!
i win!
s-sensei! this is where we must call upon your strength!
n-no... i'm not feeling... so good... today...
this is a fix, huh?
i absolutely need to have these dragon balls,
but it looks like you guys are working hard to gather them, too.
and there's nothing we can exchange in their place.
i know, goku-kun! how about we do this?
if you can solve all three of these puzzle rings by daybreak tomorrow,
we will give you these dragon balls.
if you cannot solve them,
we will take all of the dragon balls that you have.
puzzle rings, huh?
oh! that's our tao pai pai-sensei!
to think that you would be hiding puzzle rings in there!
i suppose so.
you never know when and where something might happen, after all.
gotcha! i ain't ever done this,
but all i have to do is solve them by morning, right?
it's decided, then.
henchman a-kun, provide a chair for goku-kun here.
r-right...
here, take off your coat and relax.
all right...
having us here watching you must be distracting.
we will retire within.
hm? yeah...
we'll leave this man here.
if you need anything at all, please let him know.
very well, then...
hold on...!
this sure is pretty difficult...
we should get as far away as we can, now.
impressive indeed, tao pai pai-sensei.
i've done it!
two more to go, huh?
this is difficult...
you should pull that thing through there.
don't talk, okay? i'll be the one who solves this. geez...
o-okay...
one more to go...
i did it...
i~\ q. \\\ \ i '!
congratulations!
having come this far,
it's unlikely that son goku will come chasing after us.
this is all thanks to you, sensei.
huh?
where do you suppose boss and the others could have gone?
hey, no worries.
s-son goku!
look! i solved them.
l-lndeed you have...
well, i'll be taking the dragon balls with me now, okay?
s-sure. be my guest.
thank you.
finished at last.
i've got all seven together now!
and thus, the ten days passed in the blink of an eye,
and the earth greeted the fated day of m the 17th.
only one hour is left until the cell games.
we are ready to die if necessary in order to bring you this exclusive,
live broadcast account of the battle with cell.
cell does not move. he has not budged an inch.
will the monster cell be the one who wins the cell games?
will it be the composed goku?
or will it be...?
the final battle is in one hour.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku flew all around the earth,
seeking the dragon balls that were restored by dende, the new kami-sama.
i've got all seven together now!
and so, the day of the cell games drew ever closer...
the battle begins in one hour!
"those who would challenge celll! the curtain rises on the battle."
all right, i guess i better go.
be careful, goku-sa! don't go dyin'.
yeah, i know.
('johan-chads not fighfm', fight'?
u-um...
promise me you won't let gohan-chan fight!
well, i'm off!
now, look here!
h-he might be fightin'... gohan-chan...
father!
he's here, he's here!
it's just about time.
huh? where's vegeta?
he left a moment ago.
is that right? vegeta must be all fired up. i bet he's improved himself.
what is it with everyone? what are you so gloomy about?
are you nervous?
goku, something bad has turned up.
it's the dragon balls.
we had them made so that we could bring a lot of people back to life with one wish, right?
yeah.
by doing that, they're like they were before,
where if someone has already died once, they can't be returned to life.
i'm sorry. i should have said so from the start.
hey, don't let it bother you, dende.
we're fine, as long as we don't die, right?
a-as long as we don't die? we're taking on cell!
it's okay, it's okay.
let's hurry and get going, or we won't make it by 12 o'clock!
it's just about time! come quickly, son goku!
just over twenty minutes remain until the start of the cell games,
which will decide the fate of the earth!
as might be expected, there are no spectators in the area,
perhaps for fear of being caught in the battle!
as you can see,
cell has just been standing in the middle of the ring, unwavering.
our hero, mister satan,
who will be taking cell down, has not yet shown himself.
oh, what car is this?!
oh, it is indeed satan!
mister satan has arrived!
oh, he has turned toward the camera, holding his fist high!
he is responding to the warm backing of the people of the whole world!
satan!
satan!
oh, my! mister satan is already declaring his victory!
it's just like satan, the combat sports champion of the world!
it looks as though, when faced with the strongest man on earth,
not even cell is able to conceal his anxiety!
what's with this piece of trash?
and so, only twenty minutes remain until the start of the cell games!
cell vs. satan!
in my own personal estimation, satan has a slight lead on cell!
mister satan, with his stately, heroic spirit,
is burning in anticipation of victory!
oh, my! satan is about to enter the ring already!
there is plenty of time still before the matches are to begin,
but he is driven!
just what you'd expect of the most dependable man on earth!
c-could he be telling us to come on down?
th-this is most... er...
v-very well! let's go!
we are pros as well! let's have everyone see just how brave we are!
b-besides which, no matter what else,
mister satan is here, so we can be at ease!
p-please take a close look at these images, overflowing with tension!
right now, toward the ring which will indeed determine the fate of the world,
the most courageous announcer in the world is approaching!
um, should we come up into the ring as well?
i am with you. do not worry.
v-very well then...
could you share with us, mister satan, how you feel right now?
i have sympathy for cell here, whose reckoning has gone awry.
he couldn't possibly have known
that there was someone in this world as strong as i am.
yes, yes...
he went and talked like a bigshot,
and now, it is too late for him to get off with just saying "i'm sorry."
listen to me, cell! your secret is out!
the way you destroyed our capital's military forces
was through using tricks involving explosives!
but that isn't going to work on me!
h-he's pretending he can't hear you.
he's so nervous, he doesn't know what to say!
in that case, let's make contemptuous faces at him!
and i'll give him a good spanky-spanky!
it might be okay if he does get killed...
it's yamucha-san, with tenshinhan-san!
we're going too.
we probably won't be joining in the fighting, however.
all right. come on, everyone!
i'm gonna pound your head!
mister satan is composed!
he's overwhelming cell with his composure!
even before this fight has begun, mister satan's victory is a foregone conclusion!
what's that...?
is something the matter?
wh-what in the world is that...?
vegeta...
so you've come, in spite of what happened before?
i'm sure you've improved yourself, as well.
um... a strange man has just appeared.
l-it looked as though he flew here, through the air...
it's a trick, all right.
could he possibly be planning to enter into the cell games as well?
let's ask him. so, who are you?
if you've come to watch,
it's too dangerous for you to be this close.
get lost, and don't ever talk to me again.
oh, my...
he's nothing more than a slightly crazy person.
his hairstyle is strange, too.
those are the kinds of guys who make the most trouble,
by getting in the way.
and so, in five more minutes, the cell games, focus of attention for the entire world,
with the fate of the earth at stake, will commence!
as i expected, mister satan is the only one who will be fighting cell!
however, that is only to be expected!
mister satan is the all-out combat sports champion of the world!
he alone is all that will be needed!
a-again, it appears someone has flown in...
h-he's using a trick, too.
this is a surprise. no. 16, huh?
i'm surprised you even still exist.
what's more, your damage has been repaired, hasn't it?
the only ones who could have repaired that robot are bulma and bulma's father.
this isn't their concern...!
c-cell just muttered something, right?
perhaps he knows that man?
who knows? in any case, he doesn't look all that tough.
so, it appears you've finally come, son goku.
i've been waiting for this!
s-say there, look at that...
what?
i see them! over there!
all right, let's go!
wh-who are those guys?!
stay out of satan's way!
g-gohan-chan!
c-cut that out! gohan! don't fight! gohan!
gohan-chan, i say! gohan-chan! chichi! calm down! chichi! settle down!
don't go fightin'! don't die! don't go dyin', gohan-chan!
gohan-chan, stop that! cut that out!
welcome, all of you!
a whole slew of them came!
l-it looked as though all of them flew here...
i-it appears this trick of theirs is in vogue.
no. 16! are you all better?
i wanted to express my gratitude.
thanks, kuririn. thanks to you, i'm all fixed up.
is that so? that's great, huh?
let's all hang in there together, okay?
son goku, i was built in order to kill you.
do not forget that.
this guy sure is grim, ain't he?
i'm not getting any attention...
has fight started?
not yet, it appears.
now, then...
maybe you should let me fight first.
we don't necessarily need you to fight right off the bat, goku-san.
it's okay with you, right vegeta?
do as you like.
either way, i will be the one who finishes him off.
d-don't you go making your own order!
um, by any chance,
were you fellows thinking of competing in the cell games here?
that's right. not all of us, though.
that's enough of your foolishness! this is not a game!
you guys don't understand anything!
you're the one who doesn't understand.
this is a surprise.
to think that there should still be some shameless yokels,
who don't know about me, mister satan,
the number one name in the world of combat sports!
now listen! satan here is the world combat sports champion!
he's the strongest man in the whole world...!
all right, then, as a special free service, i will explain it to you.
how about that?!
l-lncredible! that's our mister satan! incredible!
th-they're not at all surprised...
goku, it's okay, just let them go first.
f-fine with me...
it's time!
the cell games, the tournament of martial arts tactics, is about to begin.
will goku and the others be able to defeat cell?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
the hour of the fated cell games had finally arrived.
okay then, let's make contemptuous faces at him! nyaah!
and i'll give him a good spanky-spanky!
welcome, all of you!
how about that?!
it's time!
"just a moment!! the satan squad goes on the rampage."
whoever goes first is fine with me.
of course, that will be me. it's only natural i'd be the one.
don't do it, goku.
these guys just won't understand, even if you do tell them.
i can't let that happen.
you're gonna get killed! trust me on this, give it up!
hey, cameraman, get a shot of that dimwit over there.
right.
it's almost as if i can hear the voices of all the world in my ears, saying "oh, my word!"
does this man realize what he just said to mister satan?!
of all the things to say at this moment,
"you're gonna get killed! trust me on this, give it up!"
that's what he said!
it's because of things like this that ignorant bumpkins are an embarrassment to the rest of us!
after all of our explaining who satan is, he still doesn't get it!
there's no helping those kinds of folks, huh?
he looks like him...
that man looks like him...
that child, who once upon a time, saved us all from piccolo daimao...
however, he didn't have the same eye or hair color.
it must be someone else...
be that as it may, it's this man that concerns me.
n-no matter how i look at him,
i can't help but think that he is that same piccolo daimao...
look, it's all right, just let those idiots do as they like.
even if they are killed, they can be brought back to life with the dragon balls.
ah, well, i guess there ain't much choice, huh?
oh, it appears that he has finally been convinced!
which is to say, it's only natural.
could he have realized that his life has been spared?
they finally understand, huh?
this nonsensical group has been nothing but an annoyance to mister satan!
as we pull ourselves together, the match can finally continue once again!
please wait, sensei!
wh-what's this?
a mysterious group of people has appeared before mister satan!
who in the world could they be?!
we've got more weirdoes showing up!
we are mister satan's finest pupils!
the world's most gorgeous man, caroni, the swift!
the world's most staggeringly strong man, piroshiki the mighty!
a-apparently, these two are acquaintances of mister satan.
allow me to explain.
these two men are mister satan's first and second pupils,
and are the next-to-greatest, and next-to-next-to greatest warriors,
compared to the warrior who boasts the greatest speed and power.
oh, that is incredible!
and i am their beautiful manager, pizza.
sensei, there is no need for you to get your own hands dirty against such a rank amateur.
w-we can easily defeat him!
hmm, perhaps so.
it might be a bit childish of me to take on such a rank amateur myself.
i leave him to you!
people of the world, did you hear that?!
mister satan has clearly announced
that these two top pupils of his will defeat cell in his place!
and what promising assistants they appear to be!
our victory is now all the more assured!
caroni and piroshiki!
i've seen their pictures in magazines!
they're satan's favorite pupils,
and have won a great deal of fighting tournaments!
that's awesome!
idiots...!
there's more of them now... those fools.
and so, the cell games resume!
first up is mister satan's top pupil, contestant caroni the swift!
and so, i, caroni, will be your opponent.
very good. mmm, sweet...!
these are a parting gift for you, as you are about to enter the ground.
ca roni-sama! he's so cool!
magnificent!
what a graceful, elegant, yet bewitching technique!
allow me to explain.
he is a master of the aerial death strike,
and can even snatch a swallow as it flies through the air.
that is incredible!
as one might expect of satan's top pupil,
his abilities are in a league of their own!
what's the deal with this guy?
that move must have floored 100,000 of my female fans.
and so, the cell games, with the fate of the world in the balance, have now begun!
the rules are simple:
if you fall outside of this ring, you lose;
if you give up, you lose; and if you die, you lose!
are you afraid?
not to worry, the suffering will only last a moment.
beautiful... rose... flying...
(attack').!
oh, my! what a super jump!
this is caroni's greatest, most inscrutable finishing technique!
this match has already seen its conclusion.
"big finish" time...
incredible! he's still flying up!
l-is he still flying up...?
he must be in superb shape.
wh-what could that sound be?
wh-what could have happened, exactly?
s-surely, he must have jumped too high.
he's good at doing this, but he has a bad habit of getting carried away.
therein lies the reason why he cannot surpass me.
that's correct!
i see!
what happened? my caroni-sama! stupid jerk!
as luck would have it, contestant caroni the swift has lost by ringout,
and though a gifted warrior, he meets with valorous defeat.
truly, this is a shame!
l-i will defeat cell!
allow me to explain.
his monstrous strength rivals that of 20 elephants,
and he can flatten a bull with one blow.
th-that does indeed sound fierce.
f-fantastic! what fantastic power!
wh-what colossal strength!
cell does not stand a chance against him!
they're on two completely different levels!
knowing piroshiki, he won't make the same kind of blunder as caroni did.
you have to feel sorry for cell.
oh, my! contestant piroshiki has begun a ferocious dash!
this is contestant piroshiki's megaton bull crusher!
at this point, there's no one that can stop him!
what could have happened?
contestant piroshiki's motion has stopped!
l-| give up!
what in the world just happened? mister satan...?
it's a trick.
he is considerably afraid of me, you see.
he has set up tricks all around the dueling ring. damned bastard...!
it's possible that he has soaked his entire body
with the smell of green peppers, which piroshiki despises,
or he might have rigged nails to stick up out of the floor.
but i will expose his tricks!
so that's it! i don't know when he might have done it, though...
what a dirty trick to use in a one-on-one fight!
i'm telling you, that's not it!
those two were tossed around by cell's ki.
figure it out already, would you?
and so, having had his beloved pupils beaten by foul play,
mister satan gathers his fury and once again enters the ring!
he removes his cape...
and now, he has removed his glorious champion belt!
and so, our hero, mister satan, has taken the stage!
this match will determine the fate of the earth!
our world combat sport champion mister satan
has gleefully commented to us that he has been looking forward to this day!
oh? mister satan has pulled something from out of his breast pocket.
it's a capsule! he has pulled out a capsule...
oh, it's his bag! an enormous bag has come forth from the capsule!
now then, what could be inside the bag?
roofing tiles!
there were roofing tiles inside!
mister satan is delicately stacking the tiles!
oh, man...!
hey now, you don't suppose he's...?
the stack numbers... 15 tiles! 15 tiles!
he has taken 15 roofing tiles and stacked them high!
and now, he's focusing his mind!
mister satan is concentrating his power!
let's remain quiet for this now...
oh, my! only one remains!
still, this is incredible! what terrific destructive force!
14 tiles! 14 tiles have been shattered to pieces!
he's a genuine idiot.
cell! take a look at these tiles that have been smashed to pieces!
in one more minute... this is how you will look.
satan! satan! satan! satan!
i've just gone numb! such is the world's satan!
i have just been intensely moved!
i nailed it! i absolutely nailed it just now!
it's a good thing i'm taping this on my video recorder.
he's losing his nerve!
even cell, with all of his big talk, can't help but lose his nerve
after seeing the destructive force of mister satan!
however, it's too late for him to make apologies!
the people of the world will not forgive cell's crimes!
all right, come on!
and so, mister satan takes up a completely combative stance!
the world's number one combat sport warrior by far,
mister satan, versus cell!
the iron fist of justice is about to burst upon cell,
who has taken so many human lives!
satan! satan! satan!
come on, mister satan!
if possible, we'd like for you to beat cell by killing him!
ah, there he goes!
contestant satan immediately launches into some grand techniques!
his dynamite kick has erupted against cell!
has this match already been decided?!
contestant satan does not let up with his attack!
he's raining blows upon him! he's raining blows upon cell!
cell is helpless to defend himself! he's strong! he's more than strong!
such is our champion, mister satan!
hey, now to finish you!
stop pestering me!
"conk!"
huh...?
in all honesty, i was kind of rooting for cell just now.
geez, he's still alive?
it looks like even cell is averse to killing that sort.
h-he fell outside of the ring... u-um... contestant satan has lost...
now then, let's hurry and get the cell games started!
who will go first?
as expected, will you, son goku, lead off?
yeah, that's right.
at last, goku and cell face each other.
the curtain now rises on the true cell games, the ultimate decisive battle!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
"conk!"
now then, let's hurry and get the cell games started!
who will go first?
as expected, will you, son goku, lead off?
yeah, that's right.
son goku is about to take the stage.
the battle, with the destiny of the earth hanging in the balance,
is now about to begin!
"fight time, goku!! the ultra-tense cell games."
th-the hope of all mankind, contestant satan, has lost!
could this mean the end of the earth...?
it's finally time, huh?
yeah.
come on, let's see it, kakarrot!
it's you, right off the bat, huh?
i was hoping to save the most enjoyable for last, after all...
i hear you can use all of our techniques.
more or less.
oh? mister satan!
um, how did you come to lose?
l-i just missed my footing a little, that's all.
huh? your... footing?
that's right!
um, it looked as though you were sent flying...
this is why it's so awkward having laymen around.
when a master of satan-sama's stature misses his footing,
this is the sort of severe thing that happens.
l-is that right?
that's right!
but there's no need to worry!
after a short breather, i'll go at him again like i really mean it!
just leave it to me!
h-he still doesn't realize the difference in their levels?!
he's the world champion of stupidity!
the puzzle as to why goku-san
is so unusually composed is about to be solved.
people of the world, rest at ease!
mister satan may have inadvertently slipped and landed out of the ring earlier,
but after a short break, he will fight cell once again!
while contestant satan is resting, one of the people from that nonsensical group,
which utterly refuses to listen to our warnings, apparently means to fight!
let's leave them alone, already. once a fool, always a fool, after all.
what do you think, mister satan, upon looking at this unknown warrior?
utterly hopeless. just by looking at his stance
and his build, you can tell he's a rank amateur.
goku's incredible, huh?
y-yeah... he's left nothing unguarded.
that's not all.
even now, as he's standing in front of cell, he's still standing naturally.
if anything, he's just looking forward to this.
which means that goku-san has his super saiyan state
completely under control, right?
well now, if i were up there against that man,
i'd beat him in just two seconds.
the only thing i can think of is that he's completely crazy.
he probably won't even last five seconds against cell.
good grief, this won't be much of a break at all!
he really is a troublesome fellow, huh?
yeah, well, without some entertainment such as this,
my own match wouldn't be as stimulating, would it?
come.
up to now, it's been dead even.
but then,
neither one of them has even started breathing harder yet, right?
th-the fight that this unnamed warrior just put up...
it wasn't, by any chance, incredible, was it?
how about it, satan-sen?
um, satan-san...?
regarding that fight...?
well, it wasn't bad, i suppose.
he's capable of more than i thought,
but he's overexerting himself considerably, and he's probably reached his limit.
h-he's out of bounds!
did he get him?!
how was that?
were you able to experience the sensation of victory somewhat?
don't make your ruse so transparent.
we know that there's no way you're going to be done in by just that.
you weren't showing off very much of what you've got up your sleeve,
so i thought i'd try teasing you a little.
you didn't show very much off yourself, huh?
i'm going to start showing you now, little by little...
the true difference between our two powers, that is.
i look forward to it!
you appear to enjoy fighting, huh, son goku?
just as one would expect of a battle-maniac saiyan.
the same appears to be true of you.
in my case, it depends on the opponent.
same with me.
they've vanished again.
what in the world has happened? both of them have vanished.
mmm... it's a trick that makes use of an optical illusion.
the two of them are camouflaging themselves, and are lying down on the floor.
is that right?
there's no way that mister satan,
whose kinetic eyesight is sharp enough to see the seams on a fastball,
could be mistaken.
but still... i don't understand this at all.
um, mister sata-huh?!
satan-sen? uh, satan-sen? satan-san?!
where did you go?! satan-san?!
this is startling!
mister satan has also disappeared!
mister satan was right here!
well, as you can see, even i can easily perform a trick such as this.
wow, i didn't notice it in the slightest!
where did he bring that piece of cloth from?
i heard he spent last night making it secretly.
watching those guys is funny!
kuririn-san!
s-sorry.
s-still and all, what speed!
i can barely keep up with them with my eyes!
they're surprised at this level? what a laugh!
there's some sort of commotion going on over there.
the kids over there must be playing on their own.
here they come!
they've appeared!
there, you see? they were hiding there, all right!
this is that incredible power...
the moment i felt this, i got flipped up into the air!
m-me too. what could this overwhelming sort of power be?
they're using nothing but petty tricks!
what do they think the martial arts are?!
this is bad!
there's nowhere to go!
cell has gone completely on the offensive!
why?
why doesn't father get serious?
hmph, i knew it. kakarrot is just playing around with cell.
although, cell seems to be up to the same thing.
that's an old trick, huh?
ka... me...
ha... me...
hal'.!
so then, that should be enough for the warm-up exercises, right?
yeah.
th-that was just warm-up exercise...?
th-the full-fledged death battle is about to get started now...!
son goku, huh...? indeed, he is skilled at fighting.
he's one or two paces removed from the others.
this guy looks to be unimaginably strong.
if i get even the slightest bit careless,
i'll be finished off in an instant!
all right...!
the look in goku-san's eyes has changed!
he's coming at me at full power.
at last, goku will fight at full power!
with his full-blown strength...
there is no doubt that this will be a fierce battle.
which way will the victory go?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
ka... me...
ha... me...
ha!!
the clash between goku and cell had finally begun.
the intense exchange between them left those in the audience dumbfounded.
son goku, huh?
indeed, he is skilled at fighting.
he's one or two paces removed from the others.
this guy looks to be unimaginably strong.
if i get even the slightest bit careless,
i'll be finished off in an instant!
the look in goku-san's eye has changed!
goku is about to release his true power.
an unyielding full-power battle is about to get underway!
"direct hit to earth!! cell's extra-large kamehame-ha."
incredible!
it's unbelievable!
what amazing power...!
i-impossible!
y-you mean his ki is still rising?
wh-what could that have possibly been just now?
just at the moment when it appeared that the unnamed warrior's
entire body lit up, it was almost as if something burst...
what could it mean?
even now, it appears that there is some sort of amber glow
rising around the vicinity of the unnamed warrior.
l-it's a trick.
father .
th-the same sort of thing just happened with cell...
hmph! these petty tricks appear to be in fashion.
y-yes, of course.
if those weren't tricks, what else could they be?
here it comes...
those two are both going to hit each other at full power, right away...
now?
yeah.
very good, son goku. this is what i was after.
battles get interesting when the opponents' abilities are somewhat close.
yeah. i think so too.
th-this is now his...
kakarrot's true power...?!
l-lncredible! goku-san is extraordinarily incredible, all right!
th-that really is an awesome kfl. he's certainly been working at it!
i wonder why everyone is so surprised.
sure, this is incredible, but still...
h-hey, did you get all that?
don't be preposterous!
i can't follow anything as fast as that!
y-yeah, i suppose not...
that battle was also at remarkable speed, wasn't it, mister satan?
it wasn't too bad, huh?
this will be entertaining, son goku!
wh-what...?
is that...?
l-it couldn't be...!
shishin no ken!!
geez! you mean cell has also taken tenshinhan's cells?!
why, you...!
mister satan, could you explain...?
you're already going to the finishing moves, huh?
but then, this technique ain't going to work on me.
is that so?!
what the hell am i looking at?
this technique had the drawback of having your power cut in half
by turning into four individuals!
but his speed and technique are the same as when he was a single individual, aren't they?
no. i hate to admit it,
but cell has made this technique even more his own than i did!
then again, son goku hasn't fallen behind.
son goku, are you somewhat aware of my power now?
yeah. not bad.
but then, my perfect, flawless power is still more than just this.
l-is that...?
sheesh, this time it's my technique, huh?
take this!
i've been waiting for this.
for you four to split up, i mean!
h-he got him!
that's goku-san for you!
going after their time lag like that...
hmph! idiots!
those are among the very basics of the basics of fighting.
never mind him, get a load of cell's dormant power.
cell hasn't lost any ki at all!
th-that can't be...!
y-you're kidding, right?
k-kienzan discs, huh?
- -that kienzan disc...! it's as if he's controlling it like a sokidan blast!
that's neither a kienzan or a sokidan...
that's the final technique that freeza used on planet namek.
doctor gero, you miserable fool!
what kind of monster have you brought forth?
freeza's cells tell me that you're planning to come up to me,
and at the last second, knock me down. however...
i'm not falling...
for that trick!!
i took that into account as well!
you ain't going to beat me by just using other people's techniques!
borrowed knowledge doesn't go far, after all.
that might be true.
in that case, i'll make this the last one.
he raised his ki to its maximum level! what is he planning to do?!
ka...
"jtig..."
stop! if you launch a kamehame-ha in that raised state of power...!
ha...
"jtig..."
s-stop!
ha!!
over here, cell!
a-an explanation...?
how? that kamehame-ha should surely have hit you.
yeah, i couldn't have escaped it.
i get it.
you've suddenly appeared and vanished before, as well.
instantaneous movement. i can do it!
instantaneous movement? i see.
that's a problematic technique, huh?
i want to ask something too.
if i hadn't jumped up into the sky,
would you have kept shooting your kamehame-ha like that,
and destroyed the earth?
well, that's a good question.
but then, i knew that the only thing you could do was jump up.
i see. it looks like you're pretty smart yourself.
then again, i will say this:
i would think nothing of destroying the earth.
it would just make things less amusing for me, that's all!
and when it comes to speed, i'm pretty sure of myself.
cell's speed is astonishing!
does goku have any chance of winning?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku and cell had reached their full power.
the highest level of battle had begun.
you've suddenly appeared and vanished before, as well.
instantaneous movement. i can do it.
and when it comes to speed, i'm pretty sure of myself.
although, i can't keep up with instantaneous movement.
"defeat or death!? goku's turnabout ploy."
awesome! they're ridiculously fast!
wh-wha... what a fight this must be...
goku!
th-they've vanished...
wh-where... where could the two of them have gone?
all in all, those guys are incredibly fast, both of them!
you're pretty good, really.
i honestly didn't think you would entertain me this much.
me, too.
this is the way a fight has to be.
now then, i think it's about time we got going.
over there!
that broken up area there!
they're hiding there, using some camouflage as a trick!
a-ah, so that's it!
no matter what tricks they may use, they cannot fool my eyes!
that's our mister satan, the greatest combat sportsman in the world!
o-over there...
they're up there, huh, mister satan?
cameraman! above us! above us!
r-right!
we can't see anything! what is this? we can't tell what's going on!
what happened to satan? where's satan?!
we want to see satan defeat cell!
put satan on! satan!
yeah, yeah!
their battle is already beyond the point where a tv camera can capture it.
yes. previous kami-sama also stood there often, observing status of lower realm.
is that so?
yes.
no need strain yourself.
previous kami-sama also concentrated
until clearly understood lower realm situation.
use less force. feel out ki, like differentiating quiet sounds.
goku-san is fighting. it's an incredible fight...
yes. now you got it.
w-watch out!
f-father...!
this is a magnificent fight!
i would hate to let it end due to an out-of-bounds defeat.
let's remove the out-of-bounds defeat from the rules.
it doesn't hold any meaning for us.
what...? what do you intend to do?
everybody! get away from the ring!!
phew, that was close...!
th-thanks so much...
you guys should go home already.
you're in the way here.
w-we can't very well do that.
after this, our mister satan is going to be fighting, after all.
right, mister satan?
satan-same?
o-of course i am!
but then, maybe we should watch from a little bit further distance.
now, the whole land is our ring.
whoever loses will now be determined only by surrendering or dying.
i get it. you want to fight all-out.
that is what is most appropriate for a fight between you and i.
all right.
now then, what do you say we make full use of this expanse right away?
c-cameraman, move forward some more. more, more, more, more!
r-right...!
what are they doing?!
we can't see anything!
n-no, there's no malfunction, our courageous announcer and cameraman
are providing special coverage from the site...
yes... yes... if you could please just wait a little longer...
no, that's not what i meant... yes...
yes, z-tv...
s-such extraordinary shockwaves! wh-what in the world could this be?
satan-semen ?
t-tricks! tricks...
i-it's trembling... the ground is trembling!
mister satan, could this be a trick, too?
incredible!
it's not just speed, neither one of them is falling behind on power, either!
incredible, incredible, incredible, incredible, incredible!
no, hold on... don't! not like that, there, there, there!
you got him! no, not like that! got him!
that's the way! that's the way! go! go! go!
go...
you're here, are you? how long have you...?
what a fierce battle.
what's more, even though a good deal of time has passed since the fight started,
neither one of those two's ki has dropped hardly at all.
if cell is a monster, then son goku is also a monster.
g-goku... what are you planning to do from way up that high?
ka... me...
it' s a kamehame-ha!
is goku thinking of launching a kamehame-ha at full power?!
you can't shoot a kamehame-ha from that position!
if you did, it would be a disaster for the earth!
th-there's no way he would shoot it.
if he did so from that position, it would destroy the earth.
ha... me...
hey...!
f-father is planning to fire it!
y-you wouldn't...!
holy...!
ha!!
finally, goku's full power kamehame-ha bursts forth!
the goddess of victory has smiled upon goku.
or has she?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
this is a magnificent fight!
i would hate to let it end due to an out-of-bounds defeat.
let's remove the out-of-bounds defeat from the rules.
it doesn't hold any meaning for us.
with the ring blown away,
the ferocious mortal combat between son goku and cell continued.
ka... me...
you can't shoot a kamehame-ha from that position!
if you did, it would be a disaster for the earth!
ha... me...
h-hey...!
holy...!
ha!!
at last, goku's full power kamehame-ha exploded forth!
"a conclusion to the deathmatchh goku's declaration of surrender!?"
g-goku...!
i-incredible... what could have happened?
h-he got him! he got him! so that's it!
there was always his instantaneous movement!
hey, he got him! goku has finally won!
wh-what's wrong, guys? aren't you happy?
mister satan, it looks like he has taken care of cell.
mister satan!
w-well, he did all right, huh? s-still, it's too bad.
i wanted to be the one who defeated him!
it really is too bad, mister satan, since now you can't display your magnificent,
graceful, powerful moves to the whole world.
 right?
p-people of the world! it is truly disappointing
that before mister satan could make his marvelous reappearance,
this unnamed young man has defeated cell.
s-so is it over now?
that was kind of disappointing, huh?
say, mama, mister satan isn't appearing any more?
it looks that way.
what does this mean?
even in this condition, he still has a good deal of ki remaining...
be careful, goku!
cell will probably recover!
what?!
wh-wh-what?!
cell's lower half has stood up!
he's come back to life! cell has come back to life!
is this a trick as well, mister satan?
o-o-of course it's a trick!
come to think of it, you can regenerate yourself, huh?
that's correct. just like piccolo.
that dirty bastard!
sheesh, i thought i had won fairly easily.
but even you had to have lost quite a bit of your ki over this.
that goes for both of us.
you're breathing quite a bit harder yourself.
okay then, let's keep going.
i'll warn you now, though, i won't fall for the same trick twice.
make sure you don't waste your strength on futile attacks
that would make this fight dull.
i know!
you don't say...
once again, it has become a ferocious battle!
cell is attacking fiercely, and the unnamed warrior is fighting back!
it's shaking! even the place where we're standing is shaking!
how is this going to unfold from here on?
goku... why...?
good afternoon!
oh, bulma?
yeah. you've got it on, huh?
i thought that watching this with an expert and having him explain it
would make it easier to understand, so i came over.
oh, there, there, there, what's the matter, trunks?
that kamehame-ha earlier must have used up a considerable amount
of both of their powers.
and yet, to think that they could still put up this kind of fight...!
what's the matter, goku? is that all you've got?
damn...
oh, he got him!
it's working! way to go, goku-san!
way to go, goku! one more step!
you're one step away from defeating cell!
f-father...
the unnamed young man has started a ferocious attack!
cell is in a huge pinch!
but then, inside that thick, billowing cloud of explosions,
could anyone convey what exactly is going on?!
we can't see! we can't see a thing!
what's going on?!
like i said, it is not a malfunction!
our man is risking his life to relay this coverage! it's true!
everyone, cut the phone lines!
he's winning! goku is winning!
goku-san!
he's done it!
goku...!
a-are you all right, mister satan?
yeah'. hey, i'm usd doing some warm-uh egserdzes'.!
i should have known!
never refusing to get ready to fight, that's our satan-same,
the greatest combat sportsman in the world!
y-you mighd say dhad...!
y-your announcer will not abandon his microphone, even if i should die!
and so, what could this gigantic ball be?
son goku...
your attack was good enough that it caused me to have to raise a barrier.
i took on more damage than i expected.
that's awesome...
i'm not sure what it is, but it's still incredible.
say, mama, this isn't a movie, is it?
that man is chichi-san's husband after all, ain't he?
remember, she was sayin' recently that he was dyein' his hair.
huh? yeah, it does look like him.
come to think of it, he's always wearin' that garish outfit, huh?
someone's gossipin' about us, i bet!
goku-sa, hang in there!
ah, he was so close!
he had just this much farther to go!
"this much farther" nothing!
sure, it looks like he's putting up a good fight,
but unlike goku, cell still has some breathing room.
y-you're sure about that?
i'm sorry to say it, but goku can't win.
what's more, it looked to me like goku knew that while he was fighting.
l-i don't know what he had in mind.
his ki has dropped!
so has cell's, but goku's is down severely!
your strength seems to have fallen off considerably, son goku.
you should swallow one of those senzu things.
we could have an even more spectacular battle!
th-this is our chance!
like he said, if we give goku-san a senzu,
and then everyone gangs up on him, we could surely defeat cell now!
you're right! that would work!
kuririn-san!
kuririn-san, hurry and give him a senzu!
hold your tongue, trunks!
you don't seem to have any saiyan pride, do you?
if he has to win that way, he would probably prefer to die!
right now, he's not fighting for earth!
remember that well!
b-but, at this rate...
he'll be done in, that's for certain.
a-as infuriating as it is,
i have to admit that even as hard as i trained this time,
i couldn't top kakarrot there.
that bastard has a gift.
however, cell has stayed one... sometimes two... steps ahead of even kakarrot!
in that case, what are we supposed to do?!
just watch on in silence?!
you said it yourself, didn't you?
that he surely has some kind of strategy?
we'll just count on that.
goku-san...
just what sort of strategy have you thought up?
what's the matter?
is your pride getting in the way, preventing you from taking a senzu?
right now, i've lost a considerable amount of strength.
if you reach your full power, then the possibility of you winning,
slim though it may be, will increase.
i want to enjoy fighting with you more and more!
l give up!
i surrender. cell, i've learned well how strong you are.
i'm giving up.
wh-what?!
surrender?!
h-he couldn't be...!
g-goku surrendering?!
has anything like this ever happened before?!
f-father...?
what is he thinking?!
but why?! why would son-kun, someone who would never say die...
surrender now?!
goku has lost.
what is the fate of the earth now?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
proving goku's full-power kamehame-ha to be in vain,
cell had been restored.
their high-level battle continued on.
your attack was good enough that it caused me to have to raise a barrier.
i took on more damage than i expected.
i give up! i surrender!
wh-wh-what was that?!
in a shock to the entire world, son goku has lost!
"he who takes over as strongest... his name is gohan."
s-surrender?
u-unbelievable!
surrender?
son goku, are you thinking of ending this fight?!
that's right. i lose.
wh-what did that young man say?
over the long-range mike, he clearly said he surrenders.
well, he hung in there pretty well.
that's probably all that young man could do.
you're so right, mister satan!
after all, if it were anyone else but you...
son goku! do you realize what those words mean?
yeah.
if there is no one left to fight in these cell games,
then every last human on earth will be wiped out by my hand!
cell, don't get me wrong.
it's not as though there ain't anyone left to fight, right?
it's the same difference.
vegeta, piccolo and trunks all have to be inferior to you,
no matter how much they've raised their powers.
they are no match for me.
so, mister satan, your turn has come around again!
you've had plenty of time to rest, and all.
this time, please be sure to take care of him for good!
satan-same, may you have a magnificent fight!
yes indeed, master!
r-right! why don't i go on over and make him quake?
m-m-mister satan...?
satan-same, what's the matter?
ee-yow-ow-ow-ow!
h-here i want to go fight,
and there's no way i would lose to that guy...!
b-b-but with my stomach like this...!
please do not worry, satan-same!
this is a fast-acting medicine for stomachaches!
just swallow one capsule,
and your stomachache will recover on the spot!
you fool! i don't need that!
what a shame! if only i didn't get these stomachache spells...!
and here i wanted to send that bastard flying...!
well, would it be okay if i called on the next person to fight?
you really intend to give up?
wh-what does he think he's doing?!
there's no one else who can beat cell here!
the cell games will probably end after the next person fights.
if he loses, then there ain't anyone else around who can beat you!
but i'm now absolutely convinced that he will defeat you.
what?
that's why i've surrendered, and left everything up to him.
which means that he's stronger than you are, not to mention myself?
yep.
ridiculous!
there is no one stronger than me in the whole world.
yes, there is.
well then, let's hear the name of this person who couldn't possibly exist!
he's about to say the name.
a-all right...
he's planning to say "mister satan."
h-hey... ~...
go tell him for me that my stomach hurts, and i cannot fight.
it's your turn, gohan!
what?!
that idiot! is he trying to get his own son killed right before his eyes?!
g-goku-sa! what are you thinkin'?!
son-in-law!
g-goku-sa is goin' to make gohan-chan... gohan-chan face that terrible opponent!
what is he thinkin'?! gohan! gohan! gohan! calm down, chichi!
h-he said it was time for "gohan." [gohan: a meal]
so that's it!
he's saying he's going to take a short break, and have a bento lunch or something, huh?
they sure are happy-go-lucky at a time like this.
you can do it, gohan.
m-me, and cell?
he's jerking me around!
of all the people he could have named, he went with son gohan?!
don't be crazy, son! there's no way he can fight!
it's true, gohan's strengths have risen to the point where i hardly recognize him,
but he'd be facing cell, an opponent not even you could stand against!
piccolo, gohan has an unbelievable power, even greater than you or i thought.
think about it.
ain't it true that from the time he was a little kid,
he's been fighting just like the rest of us?
when i was a kid his age, i wasn't anything special.
b-but still, even though he may be a super saiyan,
this is a little sudden, right?
inside the room of spirit and time, there was a dormant power,
sealed deep, deep down within him, that started to be released.
how about it, gohan?
after watching the fight between your dad and cell just now,
did you think it was too incredible for you to keep up with?
n-no, i didn't think so.
but then, father, neither you nor cell was fighting all-out, right?
i don't know about cell, but your dad was fighting all-out.
in other words,
to you, it felt like i must have been holding back, right?
l-is that true, gohan?
yes.
wh-what?! that fight?! impossible! a kid like him...?!
what nonsense.
okay, let him have it, gohan. bring peace back to the world.
you wanted to be a scholar, right?
understood! i'll give it a try!
gohan...
gohan-chan!
how absurd.
what in the world could be happening now?
they said it was time for "gohan," and yet another unnamed boy has come forward!
i know! that boy sells bento lunches!
so that's it! since it's time for "gohan,"
that's the reason a bento salesboy has come forward.
he sells bento lunches! a bento salesboy has emerged!
oh? now it's chichi-san's kid.
they said he's got a job sellin' bento lunches.
and he was workin' so hard to be a scholar, too. now he's dyein' his hair color.
he's gone and become a delinquent.
must be hard on poor chichi-san,
havin' both her husband and her son go bad like that.
definitely.
g-gohan?
hmm, no matter what happens, i doubt that gohan can compete with cell.
kuririn, you've got the senzu beans, right?
could you give me one?
yeah.
ah, thank you.
cell!
that there's a senzu. eat it.
y-you idiot, goku! what are you trying to do?!
it's all right, ain't it? he has used up his strength.
it ain't fair to let gohan beat him like this.
wh-what are you talking about?!
since when was there any of this "fair" crap in this situation?!
you miserable fool!
you're trying to play it up too much.
you don't seem to understand that such indulgence will cost you your life.
i will not hesitate to accept this senzu.
son goku! you will come to utterly regret this very soon.
d-damn...!
i see. those are nice, aren't they?
wh-whatever happens now, it's not on me!
son! no matter how you look at it, what you just did was reckless!
wh-what's the deal with that boy?!
it doesn't look like he's selling bento lunches!
is that... gohan's ki?
it just might be possible that gohan has surpassed goku.
gohan...!
th-that's gohan?! our gentle little gohan?!
th-that kid...? how did he get that much battle power...?!
it appears that son goku was not entirely bluffing in what he said.
however, the part about you being able to beat me
would appear to be an overstatement.
you impudent brat!
you really mean to go at it, do you?
but then, this might turn out to be fortunate for you.
you'll be dead before you ever experience true terror, after all.
attaboy, gohan!
g-gohan...!
gohan-san!
the boy, whom we thought was selling bento lunches, has suddenly begun to fight!
he appears to be hanging in there quite well.
however, he is up against cell.
will he be able to last longer than one minute?
you're a nimble little runt.
now then, let me increase my speed like i really mean it!
sure enough, this was reckless.
g-goku...!
g-gohan! gohan-chan! stop that! stop that!
goku-san!
hey, goku! hey!
gohan, having accepted goku's call, now faces the cell games.
goku, are you saying that gohan can really beat cell?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
i give up!
i surrender!
son goku had lost to cell.
and then, the man who goku named as the strongest man was...
it's your turn, gohan!
what nonsense.
let him have it, gohan. bring peace back to the world.
you wanted to be a scholar, right?
understood! i'll do it!
i'll kill him immediately!
look how wrong you were, son goku!
thanks to your misdirected thinking, your son will die!
goku-san!
hey, goku! hey!
gohan can win this. i'm sure of it!
"become enraged gohan... call forth your dormant power."
yours is nothing more than a foolish struggle, son gohan.
g-gohan...
gohan!
gohan-chan! there's no helpin' goku-sa!
up until now, he's always just disregarded me, and went off fightin'!
i've given up hope on him! but as for gohan-chan...!
and here, after all the times i've warned him about this...!
gohan! don't you go fightin' that monster-like guy!
gohan! gohan-chan!
chichi, simmer down!
l-is that child really planning to fight cell?
the same cell that we were no match for?
you brat!
the young boy who was thought to be selling bento lunches
is fighting for some reason!
however, cell has overwhelming superiority!
the young boy is just running away from him!
l-is it okay for that child to be fighting?
it's crazy! it's outrageous!
monarch, the military preparations have been completed.
we'll get that guy for sure this time!
it's futile.
with that monster cell's power, there's nothing our military can do against him.
b-but...!
the young man who saved the earth before fought him and lost.
and now, the person who that young man designated with full confidence is now fighting.
in that event, we too will entrust everything to that young boy.
the fate of earth rests in the fight that boy puts up.
up to now, gohan hasn't...!
gohan-san...!
gohan!
son gohan, if you must blame someone,
blame your own father for roping you into this ill-advised battle!
g-gohan-san...
h-how horrible!
maybe i overdid that a little.
that was a bit immature on my part.
chichi! chichi! hold it together!
h-how could this be?
the bento salesboy recklessly challenged cell, a-and has lost his young life!
l-is he dead?
poor thing!
goku! you're responsible for this!
you've completely underestimated the situation!
everyone warned you about this!
goku, you're the one who killed gohan!!
take it easy, piccolo.
gohan's ki ain't dropped in the least, has it?
it's true!
now then, son goku, the absurd jokes are over.
take one of those senzu, and fight me again!
you idiot!
take a good look behind you!
what?
gohan-san!
you're alive, gohan?!
this is a surprise.
you're exceptionally tough, aren't you?
l-let's stop this already.
this fight is meaningless.
are you losing your nerve, kid?!
of all the things you could have said,
you're telling me to put a stop to the cell games
because they're meaningless?
yeah.
there is meaning to them! for me, this is a pastime.
i am going to defeat you, and then little by little,
i will take my time to kill all of humanity.
if you wish to save the earth...
i-i really don't want to fight you.
i don't want to kill you.
even though you're as evil as you are...
wh-what's gohan saying?
he's speaking so softly, i can't pick it up.
wh-what are you getting on the long-range mike?
l-i can't make anything out.
i don't like fighting and stuff the way father does.
i can understand well enough why you don't like to fight.
but i can't understand what you mean by saying you wouldn't want to kill me.
you couldn't kill me in a hundred years! how about it? am i wrong?
i'm beginning to understand more and more why it is that father said
i'm the only one who could defeat you, cell.
what is this?
you say you can defeat me?
ever since i was little, whenever i flew into a rage,
things have happened that not even i understood.
the first time i realized it was when the saiyan raditz came from space to attack us.
indeed! fools such as yourself are quite uncommon!
to think that you would be so completely taken in!
just as i thought, there's no way that you could be a warrior!
th-that was dirty!
but i'm not like you. i'm a first-rate warrior!
i have absolutely no hesitations about killing you, even if you are my brother!
shall i provide you with a sample?
father .
there you go, there you go!
suffer even more! your death is near!
b-battle power...
o-one thousand... one thousand three hundred seven...?!
stop picking on...
i! ..my father.
and when i was trained by piccolo-sen...
stop your bawling!
if you don't get quiet, i'm going to snap your neck!
apparently, you still haven't realized it yourself.
the power that you have locked within you is something else.
that's why we're going to draw out that power through training,
until you can use it effectively.
it can't be... i don't have any power like that.
you want to see some proof?
wh-what are you doing?!
stop it! that hurts! that hurts! that hurts!
here you go!
come on! show me that power you have locked away!
wh-what them?
wh-what a surprise! this is more than i imagined!
when i went to planet namek, and fought with freeza...
kuririn-san!
you're thinking of saving him?
it's pointless, he'll die momentarily.
how about instead, you worry about your own safety?
out...
out...
out of my way i!
when i fly off the handle, i seem to go beyond my own will,
and start fighting hysterically with amazing power.
and now that i've trained in the room of spirit and time,
i've powered up.
father took that into account...
but if it comes to that, i'm sure i will kill you.
that's an interesting story!
you blew it.
did you think i would be scared off by hearing that story?
you really are a brat.
on the contrary, now i want to make you angry, no matter what.
i want to have a look at this so-called hidden power you have!
come on, come on, come on!
come on, now...
g-gohan-san!
goku! put a stop to this!
if you go in and fight in his place, cell will release gohan!
goku!
it's okay. gohan can win.
get angry, gohan. get angry.
get angry! get angry and show me your true power!
get angry!
get angry! get angry! get angry! get angry! get angry!
the bento salesboy is getting beaten up!
cell's assault is all one-sided!
can this boy escape the pinch he is in?
what do you say, mister satan?
impossible. not that bento salesboy.
if someone doesn't step in and fight in place of him...
oh! then mister satan, you'll take his place?!
people of the world, it appears that we will be able to see
the grandeur of mister satan's fighting once again!
m-m-my stomach started hurting again!
satan-sama...!
u-unfortunately, it seems that mister satan still has a stomachache.
a-are we to just watch on as the bento salesboy gets killed like this?!
is there no one who can save him?!
come on, get angry! get angry, and show me your true power!
c-cell got knocked on his can!
son gohan, no matter what it takes, i'm going to make you angry.
that's right, cell. that will be fine.
make gohan angry.
when that happens, you will experience some true terror.
the key to the fate of earth lies in gohan's grasp as he fights...
will gohan's hidden power be able to burst forth?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
son gohan versus cell!
the battle over the fate of the earth has begun with cell's one-sided offensive!
goku! you're responsible for this!
you've completely underestimated the situation!
everyone warned you about this!
take it easy, piccolo.
gohan's ki ain't dropped in the least, has it?
what?
when i fly off the handle, i seem to go beyond my own will,
and start fighting hysterically with amazing power.
if it comes to that, i'm sure i will kill you.
did you think i would be scared off by hearing that story?
you really are a brat.
on the contrary, now i want to make you angry, no matter what.
i want to have a look at this so-called hidden power you have!
son gohan, no matter what it takes, i'm going to make you angry.
"teeny menaces!! attack of the cell juniors."
gohan, get angry! get angry!
by doing so, you'll be able to draw out your true power!
wh-what's going to happen, mister satan?
it's irresponsible!
having a child fight like this, it's crazy!
if nobody defeats cell in these cell games,
every person on earth is going to be killed.
and yet, is that young boy the only one who will fight the ferocious cell?
isn't there anybody else?!
mister satan, is your stomachache still bothering you?
it's still stinging!
our star of hope, mister satan, is still suffering from his stomachache!
is there no savior who can reclaim our future for us?
son gohan, you will show me your so-called hidden power.
that's the technique that freeza used!
gohan, don't let him get you!
well, what's the matter? this hurts, right? get angry!
you don't want to die like this, do you?
d-dammit...! g-gohan!
well, what's wrong?
why do you hesitate? your bones are going to break!
you couldn't dislike fighting so much that you would rather endure this.
the young boy is being tormented!
what monstrous power! will the child give up?
what will become of the earth's future?
what is to be our fate?!
dammit, i can't take this any more!
goku! i don't care what you say, i'm going to go help gohan!
wait, piccolo!
frankly, he ain't the sort of opponent you can handle!
just a little longer... wait just a little bit longer.
wait, you say?! what do you mean?
are you saying that i should wait while he gets killed like this?!
wait for gohan to get angry.
he will most likely release his true power through his anger,
and show us some terrifying strength all at once!
there's only one way to defeat cell.
we have to rely on gohan and his power!
what? that kid has that kind of power?
get angry. this isn't enough? it must hurt, right?
your anger has to be welling up!
goku, you're mistaken!
gohan doesn't like to fight the way you do!
does gohan know about your strategy?!
did you make sure to discuss it with him?!
do you know what gohan is thinking right now?
it's not about anger!
"why won't father help me, when i'm suffering like this?"
"ls having a fair, manly fight more important than my life?" and so on!
don't forget!
even supposing his powers have made him number one, he is still a child!
i don't care if he does let me have it! i'm going in!
kuririn! let me have a senzu!
o-okay!
you're a stubborn one!
it would appear that your own pain alone
will not bring your anger to a boil...
okay then, how about we take it up with your friends?
stop!
cell is flying!
there are senzu in here, right?
they must be cumbersome, so i'll take them.
o-oh, no!
d-damn!
it's not even worth my trouble to take on the likes of them.
wh-what are you planning to do?!
whatever i want to!
if that's what it takes to make you angry enough to exhibit your so-called true power.
you have a peculiar way of enduring pain,
so now your friends are going to get hurt.
d-don't do it, please!
i can't control it under my own power! that's why...
that's why i'm going to hurt your friends, in order to draw your power out!
watch out! he's about to do something!
damn...
i should have taken a senzu before!
damn you!
if you're going to get angry, then get full-on angry!
n-no. 16!
oh, my! another man has come forward!
will he be the savior of the earth?!
no. 16!
he's a robot, so he doesn't have any presence to detect!
no. 16 intends to defeat cell!
n-no matter how strong he is, he can't do it alone!
let's get in there too!
w-wait! stay back!
i'm going to blow myself up, together with cell!
you're going to what?!
i've got a powerful self-destruct device equipped within my body.
it is my final, hidden power.
forgive me for forcing the rest of you to get caught up with this and become casualties!
cell! no matter how powerful you might be,
at this close range, you'll be blown to bits!
this is where it ends, cell!
both you and i are going to be blown to smithereens!
this is where the schemes of doctor gero, who created us artificial humans,
and planned to conquer the world, all fall apart!
n-no. 16!
here goes!
you guys, protect me!
now, hold on...!
i am your master! protect me!
mama!
wh-what's the matter?
wh-why? why don't i explode?
n-no. 16!
y-you... can't self-destruct!
i heard it from bulma-san...
the doc... the doc removed the bomb that was concealed within your body!
what?!
is that right, bulma?
it was then...
oh? is that...?
bulma, would you do a magnification scan on this area around the heart for me?
sure thing!
apparently, it's a self-destruct device.
and it's no ordinary bomb, at that.
it might just blow the whole earth up.
so, doctor gero installed one of these inside no. 16's body, did he?
it was probably to defeat son-kun with, after all.
it surely must have been a final measure.
it's not safe. let's take it out.
that's right...
papa removed it from him back then.
no. 16! you can't self-destruct!
too bad about that, huh no. 16?
although, i doubt i would have died from your bomb anyhow.
no. 16!
no. 16, it would appear that you were one of doctor gem's failed models after all.
satan-same, not in front of the others!
oh, dear, satan-semen !
caroni, go put that thing someplace else, quickly.
right.
get out of here...!
well now, is there no one who will come after me next?!
d-dirty rotten scumbag...!
son gohan, apparently you still haven't come around, huh?
but you watch, i will make you angry, no matter what!
one, two, three, four, five, six, seven...
seven altogether, huh? all right...!
wh-what is he planning to do this time?!
wh-what are they?!
once again, something strange has come forth.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7...
there are seven of them in all!
what on earth are these seven mysterious beasts
that have sprung out of cell's back?!
what are they?
what in the world are those weird things?
now then, my cell juniors,
your opponents are those seven who are on that rock over there.
do them harm.
if you like, you can kill them. i don't mind.
go'.!
watch yourselves! these guys are terrifyingly strong!
these runts?!
it's useless. there's absolutely no way you will beat them.
they may be small, but they are still my children.
cell's terror knows no bounds.
how much power is possessed by these cell juniors,
the small monsters whom cell has produced?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
goku, will allowing gohan to become angry really release his true power?
now that the senzu beans have been taken, and no. 16 has been destroyed,
is gohan the only hope of saving the earth?
son gohan, apparently you still haven't come around, huh?
but you watch, i will make you angry, no matter what!
now then, my cell juniors,
your opponents are those seven who are on that rock over there.
do them harm.
if you like, you can kill them. i don't mind.
an even greater battle is beginning!
these guys are terrifyingly strong!
"the tragic no. 16!! an enraged super gohan begins taking action."
this can't be!
damn it all!
dammit!
over here!
th-the unnamed warriors are fighting the seven monsters
that have newly appeared.
it is a very intense fight.
i'm not entirely certain what is happening,
b-but at any rate, it appears to be quite dreadful!
mister satan, what about you?
your stomachache seems to have subsided.
wh-wh-what are you talking about?!
i just haven't been vocal about it!
oh, is that right?
because it's me, i can endure this level of acute pain!
a normal person would have passed out long ago!
oh! impressive, mister satan!
uh, what about your stomachache?
um, should i go get some medicine?
shut up! you keep quiet!
g-goku!
tenshinhan! yamucha!
goku has used up all of his strength fighting with cell!
help goku out!
yamucha!
thank you.
this is hardly the time to be expressing gratitude.
piccolo!
kuririn-san!
s-stop...!
except for trunks, nobody can be brought back to life with the dragon balls!
oh? your ki has started to swell up ever so slightly, huh?
good. apparently, you've started to feel angry.
unless you show your true power soon,
nothing else is going to mend matters.
take a good look.
vegeta and trunks are barely holding their own.
and with his strength gone, son goku is at risk, too.
what strength they have!
how can i be having trouble against these runts?!
dammit...!
i'm sorry, everyone...
i-it wasn't... it wasn't supposed to be like this...
e-everyone is going to get killed...
if i really do have some incredible power hidden inside me,
i wish i could release it!
i wish i could use that power to defeat cell!
b-but... i don't know how...
i don't know what to do to get angry enough to release that power!
wh-what kind of guys are these?
damn...
am i to keep taking on these runts forever?!
to hell with you!!
those guys just aren't normal.
say, this isn't worth risking our lives over!
those guys aren't human!
y-you're right.
any more of this would indeed be too risky, huh?
let's pull out of here, while we can.
m-mister satan, let's run away, too!
absurd! why should i, the champion, have to run away?!
then, we're going to stay here like this?
n-no... we're going to the hospital for a bit,
and once my stomachache is better, we'll return here.
all right! with that decided, let's go!
w-wait!
please wait!
p-please...
before you pull out, carry me over to where that child is.
he's just a head, but he's talking...!
they're monsters, all right!
p-please... f-for the sake of the earth...
y-y-you've got to be kidding!
cell is standing right next to that child!
that's right!
how can you ask mister satan to go to such a dangerous place?
y-you want to help out a little too, don't you?
l-i hear you're the world champion of combat sports, and all.
m-mister satan is the champion of humanity!
he doesn't get involved in fights between you monsters!
don't be ridiculous!
they may be monsters or whatever, but they are no match for me!
i just need to go to the hospital first...
please... champion...
mister satan! you don't have to stand up to that monster!
she's right! let's hurry up and go!
you have to get to a hospital, quickly!
mister satan...?
all right. i'll do it.
you'd better not! you'll be killed!
be quiet! those guys with names we don't know... and even that child... are fighting!
if the champion ran away, he'd be a laughingstock!
mister satan...
i-i just need to carry you over near to him, right?
yeah, thanks.
i-i'm so scared! once you get close enough, you can just toss me there.
r-really...?
s-stop...!
i'm asking you to stop, aren't i?
just a little bit further now...
all right, cell juniors! that's enough playing around!
you can kill them if you like.
good. a little more... just a little more...
do it! kill them!
a-all right, here goes...
n-no. 16...
o-oh, no!
i put too much force into it, and threw him too far!
s-son gohan...
it is no sin to fight for what is right.
there are opponents with which you cannot talk things out.
set your spirit free to your anger.
i know how it feels. you just can't take it any longer.
that's good advice. however, i'm...
i'm doing things my way.
gohan...
nature, and the animals that i, too, liked...
d-defend them for me...
i'm counting on you...
nobody asked you, you factory defect!
gohan...!
at last...
at last, has gohan's fury exceeded its bounds?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
unless you show your true power soon, nothing else is going to mend matters.
no. 16...
s-son gohan...
set your spirit free to your anger.
nature, and the animals that i, too, liked...
d-defend them for me...
i'm counting on you...
nobody asked you, you factory defect!
goku had been waiting for this moment.
at last, gohan's fury has erupted!
"devastating true power!! the cell juniors pulverized."
wh-what?!
l-is that...?
gohan's ki is rising!
gohan...!
good, gohan.
is that the extent of it?
you've committed the same mistake that trunks there did.
you cannot beat me just by raising your power.
stop it.
stop it!!
i told you to stop it!
th-that's it! that will do nicely!
y-you've changed...!
they're monsters, all of them!
chichi!
i'm not going to put up with you anymore.
so you've finally shown your true power, have you?
now things are beginning to get interesting.
impossible...!
you took the senzu...?
why you...!
we've been having all this trouble fighting these runts,
and he kills one in a single blow...!
l-lncredible...!
that was incredible, gohan-san!
i knew it!
g-gohan...!
wh-what?!
h-he's fast!
what speed! it's equal to cell's...
no, it might even be greater!
gohan, don't mind me. blow these guys away!
do it, gohan!
u-unbelievable... how can this be?
what? what's goin' on?
c-chichi? have you come to?
pa, where's gohan?
what's happenin' with my gohan-chan?
he's fightin'.
just as he was fightin' magnificently, the picture went out.
my little child is still fightin'?
what do you mean, magnificent? you gotta be kiddin'!
i'm goin' to let goku-sa have it good!
shut up, chichi!
gohan is no child! right now, he has surpassed goku,
and has become a magnificent warrior, who's defendin' the earth!
your husband and son are fightin' for peace in this world for everyone!
why can't you understand that?! for my part, i'd wanna be fightin' too, ordinarily.
but right now, gohan's the only one who can defeat cell!
okay? understand, would you?
just be quiet and pray for gohan's safety.
that's all there is, huh?
that's all you've got to say?!
c-chichi...
why, you... pa...
you're too permissive!
you're the one who doesn't understand nothin', pa!
even if he does save the earth, he won't get into a good school!
he'll never be a decent scholar!
even if he does beat cell, he'll lose when competin' with the rest of the world!
h-hold on, chichi! c-calm down!
shut up!
what's so magnificent about gohan, now that he's gone delinquent?!
goku-sa, you idiot! give me back my gohan-chan!
so that's it, huh?
that's the power of his anger? fine, then.
let's have a good long look at it.
l-i'm not the center of attention... this is ridiculous.
the video i set up to record will be worthless.
should this get out to the rest of the world? no, it must not!
h-he can beat him...
he just might be able to beat him...!
people of the world, this is a surprise!
that young boy is fighting effectively against those miniature cells!
make sure you're getting all of this!
it's impossible. not with this.
what?! this is the scoop of the century! you're a pro, fix it somehow!
he blew away those cell juniors with nothing more than a blast of his kiai...!
a-and what's more, even after displaying that level of fighting,
he's not the least bit winded!
are you all right, son?!
what do you think, piccolo? just like i said, right?
gohan...
i told you, there's no way i'm putting up with you anymore!
let yourself get carried away, will you...?!
there's no longer any irresolution or hesitation within him.
his anger is governing his emotions. he is the mightiest warrior.
that's what you get, cell! you blew it!
give these to everyone.
right.
gohan is displaying overwhelming strength.
however, cell is still concealing the depth of his power.
will the victor end up being cell or gohan?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
i'm not going to put up with you anymore.
so you've finally shown your true form, have you?
now things are beginning to get interesting.
give these to everyone.
right.
gohan showed his overwhelming strength by defeating the cell juniors in an instant.
is this the limit-transcending power of gohan that goku was speaking of?
"cell gets ko'ed!! just 2 super lronfisted blows."
k-kuririn-san? kuririn-san?!
thank goodness, he's still breathing.
trunks...?
how's gohan?
he's incredible.
i've never seen gohan-san like this.
th-that's gohan?
l-lncredible! what happened to him?
that could be what goku was talking about.
s-so it would seem...
okay, everyone, hurry and move away from here, please.
i'm going to go deliver these senzu to goku-san and piccolo-san.
quickly!
come.
too slow!
toy with me, will you?!
c-cell's attacks aren't connecting...!
so that's it, huh?
son, i've figured out the reason why you fought first.
you wanted to show gohan how cell fights. am i wrong?
is that true?
it's cell!
p-people of the world!
my camera may be broken, but is my voice still getting through?
right now, the death battle between cell and the bento salesboy is unfolding right before my eyes!
y-you're such a pro.
h-however, i will not move!
what a courageous announcer i must be!
u-um, your mike...
"one moment please..."
what in the world is going on?
isn't it obvious?
is there anyone besides satan who can defeat cell?!
which must mean that satan has lost...!
is this the end of the earth?
is this the end? it surely is...
i-it can't be...!
"one moment please..."
hey, piroshiki! what are you doing?!
you'll be caught in the crossfire there!
l-i can't move!
l-is he still there?! that idiot!
doesn't he understand that unless he's a pro at fighting,
like i am, that he can't stay here?!
take this!!
wh-when did you find time for them...?
l-lmpossible...!
that's it, gohan.
thanks to you,
gohan is completely reading cell's movements ahead of time.
that's got nothing to do with it.
gohan has surpassed cell in every way.
what?
g-gohan's not bad, huh?
with gohan like this, he might be able to beat cell.
why, you...!
to think that there's another bastard out there besides kakarrot that has surpassed me...!
dad...
here's a senzu.
sheesh, do i have to rely on one of these again?!
damn...!
i-impossible! how could not even one punch land?!
if only i could hit him...!
wh-why, you...!
don't get too full of yourself, kid.
you don't seriously think that you can defeat me, do you?
i'll defeat you, all right.
that's pretty big talk, huh?
well then, why don't i show you the true,
terrifying power of cell?
what?!
impossible!
you mean cell hasn't been taking this serious up to now?!
th-that can't be...!
l-is he saying he's going to raise his power even higher?!
he's bluffing... he has to be bluffing...!
wh-wh-what kind of guy is this?!
it's a trick! it must be a trick!
he's swelling his ki up, augmenting it...
he wasn't... bluffing...!
that miserable freak!
gohan...!
this is impossible...!
l-ls there no bottom to the depths of his power?!
th-the earth is trembling!
wh-what's this?
l-it's an earthquake!
l-it's finally here!
the end of the world! the earth... the earth is lost!
"one moment please..."
"one moment please..."
so cell's finally going to fight at full power, huh?
what a ki!
it's like the whole universe is shaking!
i-is this possible?
that's an outrageous amount of ki, isn't it?
g-gohan-san...
how's that? this is me, when i mean business!
what of it?
h-he's fast!
his power isn't the only thing he raised!
his speed is also greater!
l-lmpossible...!
wh-why, after only two punches...
have i taken this much damage...?
a-awesome... what power...!
looks like there's still a difference between their two forces!
h-he can win... gohan-san can win!
after just two blows, the full-power cell is on the ropes!
gohan, finish this once and for all!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
don't get too full of yourself, kid.
you don't seriously think that you can defeat me, do you?
i'll defeat you, all right.
faced with gohan demonstrating his true strength,
cell had finally begun fighting at his full power.
wh-why, after only two punches...?!
gohan had already gone over the top.
"something amiss with celll! his perfect form crumbles."
hey, haven't you got the camera fixed yet?
uh, just a little bit longer.
well then, hurry up and at least fix the mike.
this is the moment of the century, when cell is done in!
why, you...!
stop mocking me!
how can something like this happen?!
i'm cell, in my perfect form!
i am not about to lose to the likes of that saiyan kid!
i am the one who is the ultimate warrior, who stands at the peak of all things!
kienzan discs'.!
gohan...!
take this!
what?!
he caught them! he caught the kienzan!
impossible!
gohan-san...!
don't you take my... my infinite, perfect power, and dismiss it!
now what are you going to do?!
not a thing.
why, you...
take this!
h-how can this be?
how can i be letting this happen?
all right! i've made up my mind!
i'm going to make that bento salesboy my number one pupil!
then, what about our positions?
what happens to us?
you fools! you guys are expressly expelled!
y-you don't mean it!
how nice for you, mister satan!
with that boy along, the satan dojo will become even more glorious!
probably so, probably so.
u-um, mister satan...
the way i see it, that bento salesboy appears to have abilities far greater than yours.
no. his fighting style is still too slack!
if i were to coach him in actual combat practice,
i could make him even stronger!
how can he be showing off this much difference in power against cell?
l-it's unbelievable, huh?
gohan...
at that moment, cell distinctly felt fear.
he then regretted having angered son gohan,
and drawing out his true power, just for the fun of it.
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
that bastard...!
"jtig..."
take this! a full-power kamehame-ha!
if you dodge it, the earth will be blown away!
you have to take it on!
don't do it! you've got to be kidding!
ha!!
i-it's over...!
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
ha!!
what?!
l-it's overwhelming...!
that runt! he repelled cell's ridiculously large kamehame-ha
with an even bigger kamehame-ha...!
i can sense his ki!
cell is still alive!
that's impossible!
sure enough, he's surpassed me.
ever since that moment, he's been beyond the super saiyan barrier.
that's it, gohan!
you've gotten so you can control your ki pretty well.
o-oh, no! i put more power into that without realizing it!
come on, gohan. let's call it a day already.
we've been at it for 20 hours straight, after all...
f-father...!
we're done... already...?
what an awesome ki! he's completely surpassed me!
you've surpassed me, and put cell away. well done!
h-how...? how can he have that much power...?
no! cell has my cells included in his!
he can still regenerate from that degree of injury!
gohan!
gohan, finish him off! finish him right now!
finish him already?
it's too soon, father!
i've got to make this guy suffer some more!
wh-what?
what's he saying?
gohan...
gohan! you're the only one who can finish cell off! do it quickly!
don't push him any more! there's no telling what he'll do!
dammit...
dammit... dammit... dammit...!
damn it all!!
not by you...!
there's no way my perfect form can be beaten by the likes of you!
why, you...!
he may have increased his power, but he can't keep up with his speed!
cell isn't aware of his own mistake!
he's flown into a frenzy!
l-i'm not done yet...!
wh-what?
cell's condition has changed!
it couldn't be...!
that's what it is, all right.
cell's kijust dropped sharply.
just as i thought.
he can no longer remain in his perfect form.
what exactly do you mean?
l-is that...?!
n-no. 18! he threw up no.18!
the artificial human that cell swallowed...!
it's all over now.
having spat up no. 18, will cell's perfect form collapse?
or something else...?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
take this! a full-power kamehame-ha!
ha!!
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
ha!!
cell's ultra-huge kamehame-ha was blown away by gohan
with an even bigger, ultra-huge kamehame-ha!
n-not by you...!
there's no way my perfect form can be beaten by the likes of you!
at this point, gohan's victory is evident. however...
"bye-bye, everyone!! goku's last instantaneous movement."
no. 18! wait!
what's this?! under the bento salesboy's ferocious attack,
cell's condition has started to change!
this was unexpected!
will the bento salesboy end up being the victor of these cell games?!
th-the sound from the mike is broken, too.
th-that's right...
your courageous announcer's voice rings out to no avail.
what's this? what's happening?
c-cell's body has changed back!
he's no longer in his perfect form!
gohan has won.
cell is no longer any match for gohan.
dammit!
dammit!
that's it, gohan!
now! attack him once and for all!
what's the matter?! get up here!
damn you!
tch! this is getting dull. you're through, now.
gohan! don't play around! hurry up and defeat cell!
y-you won't get away with this! i won't let you get away with this!
wh-what could be happening?
cell is rapidly changing his shape!
th-this time, he's swelling up like a balloon!
what is this? what is he planning to do?
this is bad!
you guys are finished now!
l-i'm going to blow myself up momentarily.
i may die, but all the rest of you will die, too!
th-the whole earth will be caught in the blast!
vvha-_ hens g ihg t b _ o low hlmself up?!
s-sure enough, given his power, the whole earth probably would be blown away!
i won't let you do that!
whoa! you'd better not attack me.
if you apply any shock to me now, i will explode at that instant!
it would just mean your deaths will come a little sooner.
o-one more minute! not even i can stop it now!
this can't be...!
what do we do?
unless we do something...
i-it's no use!
there's nothing we can do now!
45 more seconds!
gohan! you're the only one who can finish cell off! do it quickly!
don't push him any more! there's no telling what he'll do!
h-how could things have turned out like this? father was right...
damn...
it's my fault.
if only i had finished him off earlier...!
a-another 30 seconds...!
th-the earth will be lost! damn it all!
wh-what is it, goku?
sure enough, no matter how i think it through,
i can't come up with any other way to save the earth...
what do you mean, goku?
goku-san...!
bye-bye, everyone.
what?! goku! don't tell me you're...!
ten more seconds!
looks like this fight ended in a draw, huh?
damn...
gokuh.
you did fine up to this point, gohan.
f-father...?
tell your mom that i'm sorry.
i always selfishly did whatever i wanted.
goodbye, gohan.
goku!
fatherh.
gokuh.
y-y-you idiot!
don't you bring that thing here!
sorry about this, kaio-sama! this was the only place!
how can you say that...?!
damn!
l-it's gone... goku's ki...
goku!
fatherh.
what's wrong?
i can't sense goku's ki. cell's ki either.
you're not telling me son-kun is dead, are you?
wh-what in the world just happened?
c-cell is not here.
cell and that young man just suddenly disappeared.
i'm talking again...
m-mister satan, what exactly...?
it's over, gohan. you and goku put an end to it.
l-it's my fault...!
if only i'd killed cell at that time, like father told me to...!
but i got too carried away...
gohan, don't blame yourself too much.
without your power, the earth could not have been saved.
isn't that so?
goku died with a contented look on his face.
i'm sure he was happy about how much you've grown.
come on, get up.
let's go home.
no. 18!
father .
sorry, bubbles and gregory, for getting you guys caught in the middle of this.
i absolutely cannot believe what you did.
i am kaio! i'm the most important person in this world!
i'm higher than even kami-sama!
and yet... and yet... for the sake of earth,
a single planet, you used me like this!
i've apologized over and over again, haven't i?
kaio-sama, you sure are on my back, huh?
there wasn't any other way that i could think of!
goku! mind your language!
how dare you say i'm on your back!
right...!
but you know something, kaio-sama?
cell's spirit ain't around, huh?
could he have gone straight to hell or something?
n-now that you mention it...
ah! he's gone! he's nowhere!
n-no matter who they are, whenever anyone dies,
they go to yama's place first.
what does this mean?
cell hasn't died yet. he's still alive!
wh-what?!
kuririn! what are you planning to do with that artificial human?
if she's still alive, hurry and kill her!
y-you can't mean that. she's-no. 18 here wasn't all that bad a person.
hmph! i wouldn't be too sure. you guys are as naive as ever!
what?!
th-that... that ki...!
l-it couldn't be...!
l-it can't be...!
who was it that i hit? trunks, was it?
what's this? cell did not die.
this time, earth is in a great pinch for sure!
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
you guys are finished now!
i'm going to blow myself up momentarily.
i may die, but all the rest of you will die, too!
the whole earth will be caught in the blast!
what?!
wh-what? he's going to blow himself up?!
goodbye, gohan.
father!
goku sacrificed his own life in order to save the earth.
fatherh.
wh-what?!
wh-what's this...?
th-th-that ki...!
l-it couldn't be...!
l-it can't be...!
cell was not dead!
"a nightmare in broad daylight!! the terror becomes even more perfect."
o-only cell has returned!
what could have happened to the young man who disappeared with him?
how terrible, how dreadful,
how far beyond the limits of our imaginations these cell games are!
i'm talking again...
how? how come?!
cell's still alive?!
what do you mean, kaio-sama?! he blew himself up for sure earlier!
i don't know how it can be, but nevertheless, i'm certain that he's alive.
h-he couldn't be!
are you saying that i did that for nothing?
that's what i'm saying.
and yet, you still got my planet destroyed!
damn...
kami-sama, something wrong?
cell... cell came back to life!
wh-what?
what's more, he's far more powered-up than before.
b-but, with son gohan there...
this time, even gohan-san might not be able to do anything.
you appear surprised.
very well, i'll explain it to you.
this turned out to be a fortunate miscalculation, even for me.
inside my head, there is a small lump.
that is what serves as my nucleus.
as long as that is not destroyed,
this body can continue to regenerate itself.
sorry about this, kaio-sama! this was the only place!
how can you say that...?!
when i blew up, as luck would have it, my nucleus survived, uninjured.
to be honest, i did not figure on regenerating.
'just got lucky!
what was even more joyful to me was that my body regenerated
in its perfect form, even without no. 18.
and it wasn't my ordinary perfect form, like son gohan,
it had become greatly powered-up!
this is probably because,
as i was rescued from the brink of death,
my saiyan cells allowed my power to greatly increase.
moreover, i was able to study son goku's instantaneous movement.
in short, i was able to return here, even more perfect than before.
it seems that son goku, rather than defeating me,
has instead given me several presents.
g-gohan!
what's so funny?
i'm happy-
happy?!
yeah. i'm happy that i can now avenge my father,
who died because of my conceit.
i wanted so much to kill you with my own hands.
that's what i was thinking.
we'll see about that.
i doubt it's going to go too well for you this time.
trunks!
t-trunks...!
bye-bye, everyone.
father!
k-kakarrot...!
it seems that son goku, rather than defeating me,
has instead given me several presents.
happy?!
i'm happy that i can avenge my father.
g-gohan...!
i wanted so much to kill you with my own hands.
n-no...!
he... cell is not going to be defeated by that lower-class warrior kakarrot, nor his son!
it's going...
it's going to be by me!
dammit!
wh-what exactly could be happening here?!
v-veg eta!
v-vegeta...
cell! i, the prince of planet vegeta, will defeat you!
prince of planet vegeta, huh?
cell has won.
what the hell happened just now?
away with you, vegeta!
well, well... this is an unexpected harvest.
g-gohan!
gohan!
vegeta, you stupid bastard!
trunks could have been brought back to life with the dragon balls!
ho... apparently, you haven't lost any of your heart, at least, huh?
but i'm not playing around any longer.
i'm going to put an end to this right away.
c-cell's power has gone up more than i thought...!
a-a senzu! aren't there any more senzu?!
we've used them all up...!
th-this time, we're finished for sure!
now that gohan, who we were depending on, has wound up like that...
i... will no longer tolerate you!
let you and the whole earth cease to exist!
the reborn cell is about to wipe out the earth and everything on it!
isn't there anything the injured gohan can do now?
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
goodbye, gohan.
fatherh.
however, cell was alive!
i'm not playing around any longer.
i'm going to put an end to this right away.
let you and the whole earth cease to exist!
"from goku to gohan... the spirit of the father is handed down."
the earth will be blown away. everything will be blown away.
it will all become the darkness of space, with no traces remaining!
it's no use! i can't win!
cell has returned with tremendous power!
father, i'm sorry. i couldn't defend the earth against cell.
if only i hadn't overdone things,
i would have been able to defend the earth...!
it's a trick! an incredible trick!
c-cell is giving off a strange glow!
the area around him is like a typhoon!
it has become a windstorm!
l, your announcer, will carry out my mission,
and continue this broadcast, even if it is not getting through!
how can this be? to think that i've become excess baggage...!
me, a warrior-race saiyan...!
s-sorry about that, gohan!
v-vegeta-san just apologized...
he's realized that there's absolutely nothing we can do now...!
gohan...
dammit!
i hate the fact that we are powerless!
kami-sama, what is it? i-incredible power!
i've never felt power like this.
cell? what will happen?
gohan-san...
grand elder-sama, what is going on?
on that faraway planet of earth, where dende is, there's an ominous ki...
earth may be done for.
i am perfect.
i never imagined i could come this far.
is this the ultimate perfect form that doctor gero was aiming for?
doctor gero, how long are you planning to continue your research?
oh, is it you guys?
if this is for defeating son goku, then...
i think we're all that will be needed.
don't touch that!
this is research toward the ultimate artificial human.
ultimate?
will he be even stronger than us?
of course!
he will be on a whole different level.
you will be like children, and him an adult, comparatively.
now hurry back to your storage capsules and go to sleep.
otherwise, i will push the button on your controller again!
you fool!
but then in time, you will be swallowed,
and then, you will become a part of the ultimate artificial human...!
you're talking nonsense.
he's surprisingly cute, isn't he?
so this is the ultimate artificial human.
something must have been the matter with doctor gero.
this isn't really fair to you,
but i doubt that this laboratory will be needed any longer.
"usnip,"
i'd like to get some new clothes.
it's not very fashionable wearing the same thing all the time.
however, even after doctor gero died,
i continued to be cultured by his computer.
cell, you are the ultimate artificial human,
made from cells gathered from the most accomplished of warriors.
you will absorb no. 17 and no. 18, and achieve your perfect form.
several years later, i came forth on the earth.
at the time, it had already been turned into a dead planet by no. 17 and no. 18.
even so, i took in what little living energy remained,
and continued to grow, in order to reach my perfect form.
however, for some reason, no matter where i looked,
i could not find no. 17 or no. 18 anywhere.
no matter what, i desired to achieve my perfect form.
in pursuit of no. 17 and no. 18,
i returned once again to my larval state,
and using trunks' time machine,
i came back ten years into this time period.
come on out, you monstrous freak!
i will neither run nor hide!
as you wish, i've come forward!
damn it all!
that is how i reached my perfect form.
however, at the time,
i still had not realized the ultimate strength that doctor gero was after.
doctor gem's ambition wasn't about something small,
like defeating son goku.
it was to develop ultimate strength,
with which to rule the world... the entire universe.
and during this fight, i've come to understand that.
that is to say, like piccolo, having the ability to regenerate,
so long as there is still a tiny nucleus,
along with the ability of the saiyans to power-up even greater than before,
after being saved from the brink of death,
as well as having a merciless,
cold-blooded, unfeeling heart, like freeza,
put together, they all served as doctor gero calculated.
the only thing he was mistaken about was the destruction of the earth.
but several more years into the future,
the earth would be destroyed anyhow,
and i could use instantaneous movement to go to another planet.
perfect strength...
it is beyond what i could have imagined.
damn. is there really nothing we can do?
is this how the earth comes to an end?
i've already stored up enough energy to blow away not just earth,
but the entire solar system!
c-cell's strange glow is getting brighter,
and the ground is trembling violently!
wha... what exactly is happening? we do not understand this!
it's a trick! a trick! a trick!
what's goin' on?!
the tv's not showin' anythin', and the ground is shakin'!
gohan-chan! gohan-chan!
gohan-chan! c-chichi!
now's the sort of time when it's important to calm down!
that's easy for you to say, but i can't do that!
gohan-chan! gohan-chan!
chichi! chichi!
chichi! are you here?!
that voice...
uranai o-baba!
ah, you are here!
chichi, i wanted you to see what your son was up to.
and since the tvs aren't showing anything,
i thought you might be worried.
hurry! hurry up and show me!
hurry!
now, now, take it easy.
gohan...?
gohan! what's wrong with your arm?!
chichi!
gohan...
what's wrong, gohan?
i know, show me your final resistance!
do it! i know that my resistance is futile.
father isn't the only one i'm going to let die... we're all going together!
how dull.
what a disappointing end this has turned out to be.
well then, how about i help myself to bringing about the end of everything?!
it's over... it's all over... the earth will be wiped out...!
don't talk such foolishness!
gohan, it's not like a saiyan to give up! gohan!
father! wh-where are you?
the next world.
i'm having kaio-sama help me talk to you.
you've got the blood of the warrior saiyan race flowing through you.
slam him with a kamehame-ha as hard as you can!
if you do, you can beat him for sure! i guarantee it!
b-but right now, i can only use one arm, and i've got less than half of my ki left...
who is he talking to?
you're so terrified that you're talking to yourself, huh?
that's all right, you can win!
believe in your own power, gohan!
right now, you're the strongest one in the universe!
u-understood, father!
i'll do everything that i can!
me and kaio-sama are having a good time of it here in the next world,
so you have yourself a good time there on earth, too!
you've put me out.
i'm so sorry, father.
because i got too carried away, i got you killed...
gohan, it's nothing to be sad about. your father may be dead,
but whenever you think of me, we'll always be together.
but...
if that's what you think, then avenge me.
now, let cell have it!
right!
gohan...!
h-he's set his mind to fight back!
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
so you've finally come around, huh?
what is it, kami-sama?
gohan-san, hang in there!
gohan-chan...
i-it's no use! he can't win!
gohan's ki is too weak, too weak!
burn in hell!!
gohan engages in a final, last-ditch struggle!
was that image of goku that appeared behind him an illusion?
or something else?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
it's over... it's all over...
the earth will be wiped out...!
don't talk such foolishness, gohan!
it's not like a saiyan to give up, gohan!
father! wh-where are you?
the next world.
b-but right now, i can only use one arm,
and i've got less than half of my ki left...
that's all right, you can win!
believe in your own power, gohan!
right now, you're the strongest one in the universe!
u-understood, father!
i'll do everything that i can!
if that's what you think, then avenge me.
right!
ka...
"jtig..."
ha...
"jtig..."
"the battle is over... thank you, son goku."
burn in hell!!
th-this is going to be a problem! get back!
gohan...
the shape of the earth is going to change!
damn...
it's no use trying to run any more, no matter where we go! huh?
once again, the ground is being torn apart!
this is the end! we're finished!
everyone, farewell! farewell!
l-it's a trick!
i'm going to expose this trick at some point, you just watch!
are you still asserting that?!
cell has started his extermination! this is the end of everything!
cell... cell is completely overpowering him!
how could it be that not even gohan-san can stand up against cell's power?
the earth really is going to be blown away!
g-gohan-chan!
gohan, stand up to him!
to think that you could hold out this long in your shape-i'm amazed!
sure enough, it's no use! he's completely overwhelmed!
now, this is the end. i'm putting an end to this!
your son can handle this, huh?
what's the matter?
you still haven't summoned up your dormant power!
l-it's too much. i'm at my limit.
it turns out i am just the weakling,
crybaby, spoiled little son gohan after all.
i haven't changed at all from the way i was so long ago.
you're wrong, gohan!
maybe you ain't aware of it, but up to now,
you've helped me many times!
if you get serious, and release your full power,
like you did those other times, you can beat cell for sure!
what are you mumbling there?!
have you given up, and are now saying your prayers?
stick with it, gohan!
incredible!
gohan's power...!
gohan...
miserable fool! i have attained this ultimate, super-perfect form!
i will not be beaten by this level of power!
what?
it can't be...!
th-this shouldn't be...!
i've got it!
gohan, somewhere in your mind,
you're worried over how much the earth is being damaged!
don't concern yourself with that!
you can use the dragon balls to put any damage done back the way it was!
go all-out on him!
b-but...!
down! down! down to hell with you!
gohan...
hold on, gohan!
piccolo!
piccolo!
he's gone to assist gohan!
cell! take this!
you're a nuisance! get lost!
piccolo...!
piccolo-sen!
damn...!
(3...
gohan...!
piccolo...
no matter how you slice it, that was reckless!
there isn't anything we can do!
piccolo knows that well enough.
t-tenshinhan...?
hold on!
tenshinhan, don't tell me you're thinking about doing it, too!
it's not in my nature to just sit around like this doing nothing,
waiting for death to come.
what you're trying to say is that you've got too much pride
as a martial artist, right?
that's right.
even when it's hopeless, i'd still rather face forward.
kuririn, look after trunks for us.
n-not you too, yamucha-san!
let's go!
for the love of...!
they're all a bunch of daredevils.
no. 18, i'm glad i got to see you one more time, before the end.
bye, now.
them, too?
what are those good-for-nothings trying to do?
raise your ki higher, gohan!
your struggling is useless.
i'm going to finish this once and for all!
kiko-ho!!
yamucha-san! tenshinhan-san! kuririn-san!
gohan! raise your ki even higher!
you can beat him!
father!
you pesky flies!
th-they're all going to...
is this how badly you want to rush to your deaths?
in that case, i'll give you your wish!
piccolo-sen!
dammit!
gohan... i'm not going to let you die alone!
you're the first one who ever spoke to me decently.
why am i even getting up again?
when i could just find peace by dying here?
in the past, i would have already long-since given up!
it must have been goku and gohan that made me act this way.
yep, i've got you to blame for this, both father and son.
i've come to use goku as a target for myself
as i've walked the path of the martial artist.
the reason i am who lam now is because of goku.
now that i've let goku die like he has,
i cannot allow his son gohan to die right before my eyes as well!
goku, gohan is incredible.
he's just what we would expect of any son of yours.
and i love the both of you.
dammit...! i'm not afraid of him!
do not interfere, small fry!
gohan! raise your ki higher! you're going to win this!
you're all so impudent, one right after the next!
no matter how much trash like you comes together, it's no use!
away with you!
it's no use!
the earth will be blown away!
damn...
g-gohan... is this where it ends?
sorry, goku. we can't do anything more at our power.
w-we're sorry.
gohan-san!
there's no way gohan-chan can lose!
there ain't no way my gohan-chan can lose!
that's right!
gohan is the son of son goku! there's no way he's losin'!
withstand him. withstand him, gohan!
father...!
you still aren't using all of your power!
let your power erupt!
farewell!
vegeta?!
now!!
what?!
th-this can't be...!
l-it's vanished...!
cell's ki has completely vanished...!
h-he's finally been defeated, right?
somehow or other, that's the way it looks...
he did it... gohan finally beat that cell bastard...!
he did it! he did it! gohan-chan did it!
it's finally come to a conclusion, huh?
yeah.
well done, gohan!
at last... at long last, cell is defeated.
the battle is over, and the earth has been narrowly saved.
thank you, son goku. and... farewell.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
gohan and cell; a battle with everything at stake was underway.
vegeta?!
now!!
at last... at long last, cell was defeated.
now, peace would return once again to the earth.
however, to achieve that purpose,
the casualties have been much too great...
"i'm going to train in the next world!! a smile at parting."
y-you did it! y-you really defeated cell!
that was awesome!
hey, gohan! you were really incredible! you did it!
i still can't believe it! we've all been spared, huh?
yeah.
we'll take you to where dende is in the heavenly realm right away.
even without senzu beans,
once we have him touch you, you'll be back in business!
all right, let's go.
th-thanks...
g-gohan!
it's all right. he's just passed out.
never mind him, are you okay, yamucha?
are you sure you can fly all the way to the heavenly realm in the shape you're in?
hey, compared to what gohan has done, it'll be a piece of cake.
you don't say. well, i guess i'll take trunks.
yeah, okay then, i'll take no. 18.
a-after all, she was one of cell's victims, too.
h-hey... ~...
piccolo, we're going!
yeah, you guys go on ahead!
okay -
let me give you a hand, vegeta.
you mind your own business.
go on, anytime you want. i don't need any of your help.
is that right?
i've been completely outdone by them, both the father and the son.
d-damn you, kakarrot!
dying the way you did...!
i won't ever fight again.
wh-what was all that with those guys?
l-it's gotten quiet...
m-mister satan! what in the world happened?
eh? w-well...
i saw the bento salesboy and cell ramming that strange light against each other,
but after that incredible explosion, i couldn't see anything.
oh, no, i suppose not, i suppose not.
where's cell? what happened to cell?
huh? c-cell, um...
i-i defeated him!
i wish...?
it's the broadcast van we drove in on!
just what you'd expect of mister satan!
in the end, he settled things for us!
hiding your true ability like that...
what a marvelous performance, satan-same!
l-is that really so?
o-of course it is.
h-how in the world did you do it?
hey, they kept dragging out that senseless light-ball trick,
so i became impatient, and sent cell flying good and hard,
telling him to cut it out already!
good and hard!
how captivating!
s-so then, what about the bento salesboy, and those others?
good and hard! huh?
ah, they thanked me, and then went home.
hey! the radio in the broadcast van is working!
a-all right. mister satan, what you've just told me is the truth, right?
who do you take me for?
i am the world combat sports champion, mister satan-sama!
that's right!
the earth has been saved from the demonic clutches of cell!
give him your thanks!
people of the world, thank you for waiting!
we now resume our broadcast!
rejoice, people of the world! the earth... the earth has been saved!
thanks to mister satan!
that's our mister satan!
he did it!
yeah!
satan! satan! satan!
a savior appeared for us.
perhaps all of our prayers to god reached him.
we must be grateful.
pa!
th-there, now...
well, that settles that, huh?
yeah, all because of you, kaio-sama. thank you.
now that the pressure's off, i'm hungry!
kaio-sama, do you have anything to eat?
what are you talking about?!
you blew my planet away, so now there's nothing!
is that right?
oh, i'm so hungry, i could die!
you're already dead.
what choice do i have? i guess i'll eat this.
this ain't filling me up at all.
good grief, what a lively dead person.
are they coming?
hey! you guys all did purty good!
yajirobe!
y'know, i was gonna go help out too, but my aircraft was all on the fritz.
you don't say.
you never really meant to come.
a-are you dende?
yes. let me see gohan-san, quickly.
gohan-san!
dende...
thank goodness!
i'm so sorry about goku-san.
it's not like that.
i was able to hear my father's voice.
i felt father's ki, and could even smell him.
i was together with father the whole time i was fighting with cell.
it was because i was with father that i was able to beat cell.
well...
in any event, you've done well, gohan.
piccolo-sen...
you really have grown strong, huh gohan?
you've come to, have you?
dende!
you'd better get away from her, fast! you'll be killed!
that's not going to happen!
th-this is kami-sama's temple. you're all right.
cell has been defeated by gohan.
gohan?
that's right!
he's ridiculously strong!
it won't do you any good to start rampaging!
hey, you! come a little closer.
you can thank kuririn.
he did all he could to stand up for you after cell spat you out.
y-yeah, well, i mean, we couldn't just leave you there.
i get it!
kuririn-san, you're fond of no. 18!
don't just come right out and say it!
eh?! are you serious?!
you're kidding, right?!
s-she's an artificial human!
who were you expecting to be grateful?
did you think you would get me to clasp my hands together and say thank you?
eh, mister?
don't kid yourself.
(wh)'. that jerk!
what kind of attitude was that?!
i'm going to send her sailing!
i doubt you could, though.
never mind her, shouldn't our first order of business
be to hurry up and use the dragon balls...
to bring trunks and the other people who were killed back to life?
yes, yes.
l-it's all right, kuririn-san.
as far as friends go, you've got us, don't you?
j-just shut up...!
come forth, dragon, and grant us our wish.
wh-what is that?
no matter how many times i see him, shen long is always incredible.
y-yeah...
kami-sama, nice work. shen long perfectly restored.
th-thanks.
now, speak forth thy wishes. i shall grant thee any two wishes.
two? that's right, thanks to dende,
the number of wishes has increased to two.
shen long!
please bring those people who were killed by cell back to life!
that is a simple matter.
satan! satan! satan!
wh-what?!
everyone, please listen!
the military that was annihilated,
as well as the people from the city who were lost,
are reportedly coming back to life one after another!
it's a miracle!
this is also thanks to satan defeating cell!
that's right!
sure enough, it didn't work.
the dragon balls and shen long that dende reconstructed...
just in case, i sought him out,
but sure enough, i can't sense son's ki.
he hasn't come back to life.
is that so?
i can grant thee one more wish.
speak thy second wish.
isn't there any way you can bring goku... son goku back to life?
we absolutely want him brought back to life.
son goku has already been brought back to life once.
it is not possible. speak thee another wish.
he says he can't do it.
no, i'm sure there's a good way to go about this. think!
what about this?
what if we have time turned back to before goku died?
oh! let's go with that!
if we do that,
then cell will also be resurrected, before he blew himself up.
we'd be right back where we started.
that's right...
i know!
we could just ask polunga on planet namek!
i set you.
polunga, the original shen long,
can bring people back to life any number of times.
that's right.
both chaozu and kuririn were brought back to life that way.
in that case, if one of us goes to planet namek...
well, should we make that our second wish?
guys, hold on a second!
it's me! it's goku!
goku?
f-father?
i'm speaking to you from the next world.
listen to me, would you?
there was something that bulma mentioned a long time ago.
she said it was like i drew bad guys towards me.
when you think about it, she's certainly right, ain't she?
mm-hmm, that could be so, all right.
that bulma is always saying too much.
and so, i have a hunch that the earth
will be more peaceful without me around.
kaio-sama admits to that, too.
well, i suppose...
it ain't as though i'm saying i'm some kind of victim.
since i've saved the earth and stuff,
kaio-sama says they're going to treat me special.
ordinary folks, and bad guys like cell become just spirits,
but they're going to let me keep my body.
what's more, i won't get any older like this.
there's also fighting experts from the past in the next world here,
and it sounds like it's going to be lots of fun.
experts from the past, huh?
kaio-sama could have been brought back to life by shen long's power just now,
but he passed, saying he would stick with me instead.
and so, maybe it ain't fair to chichi and gohan,
but you don't need to bring me back to life.
gohan's already a lot more reliable than i am.
th-that's not true, father!
there you have it. bye, now.
once you all die, i'll see you again!
bye-bye!
goku...
you know, for a dead guy, he sure seemed cheerful,
so i guess he's not too upset about this.
yeah. he's been like that ever since he was a kid.
"oh, well," huh?
absolutely.
he is always leaving us behind.
that's the kind of guy he was.
he fed me a senzu after i tried to kill him,
and then turned down becoming kami.
father was always kind...
and he always gave me courage.
father, thank you.
um...
goku remains in the next world.
gohan and the others move on, with memories of goku in their hearts.
um, i am awaiting thy second wish...
all this time...
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
come forth, dragon, and grant us our wish.
following a difficult battle in which they defeated cell,
gohan and the others called forth shen long, and before anything else,
brought the people who had been killed by cell back to life.
and then, as their second wish,
they tried to bring goku back to life as well.
however, as they did, a message reached them from goku in the next world.
since i've saved the earth and stuff, they're going to treat me special.
ordinary folks, and bad guys like cell become just spirits,
but they're going to let me keep my body.
there's also fighting experts from the past in the next world here,
and it sounds like it's going to be lots of fun.
maybe it ain't fair to chichi and gohan,
but you don't need to bring me back to life.
there you have it. bye, now.
once you all die, i'll see you again!
bye-bye!
"new days... father! i'm hanging in there."
so, what is the matter?
speak thy second wish. i shall grant thee any wish.
what should we do? does anyone have anything?
if we don't decide soon, shen long is going to disappear.
have ye no wish?
th-the girl i'm seeing now wants this necklace that's kind of expensive.
i suppose that's out?
just kidding!
well, what will ye do?
art thou finished?
s-shen long, could you return the artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18
back to the original humans they used to be?
that i cannot do.
the two artificial humans' power greatly exceeds my own.
i cannot return them to the original humans they were.
th-that fool!
h-he can't do it, huh?
kuririn, why no. 17, too? after all, he's dead, isn't he?
no, the first wish was to bring all people
who had been killed by cell back to life.
it wouldn't be any wonder that no. 17 had come back to life, too.
is that so? but still...
well, can you at least remove the explosive devices
that the two of them have fitted inside their bodies?
k-kuririn...
that would be possible.
all right!
kuririn-san...
i have removed the explosive devices.
and so, farewell.
kuririn-san, why would you wish for something like that?
a-after all, you feel sorry for them, don't you?
i mean, having a bomb inside their body, and everything...
that was kind of you, kuririn-san.
yamucha-san, i'm sorry.
i just helped myself,
and so you couldn't give your girlfriend that necklace.
d-don't be silly! that was just a joke, you know!
y-you can't go using shen long for something as trivial as that!
you got me, you got me!
it was just a joke!
thanks, yamucha-san.
wh-why that...
be that as it may, kuririn, why did you remove no. 17's bomb, too?
it's true, i was fond of no. 18,
but no. 18 is better matched with no. 17, right?
s-so i...
there's no helping you, huh?
th-this sounds like that "love" business. i don't get it.
n-no. 18?!
you idiot! no. 17 is my twin brother!
twin brother?
kuririn, you've got it made! he's her brother!
she can't marry her brother! you've got it!
but don't go getting any ideas!
i'm not grateful or anything about that bomb business!
got that, baldy?!
see you later.
oh? hey, kuririn! if she's saying "see you again,"
that means there's a little hope, doesn't it?
r-really?!
c-calm down, kuririn!
i've got the most experience in love out of any of us, after all.
th-there is some hope...!
then again, kuririn, she may be a monster,
but just because she has a cute face, you shouldn't get your hopes up.
the competitive rate is pretty high, after all.
i don't get this one bit.
piccolo, i suppose love would be a bit too much for you, huh?
i guess i can only be halfway happy.
i am going to miss having goku around.
yeah...
i'm heading home.
chaozu is probably worried about me, and all.
you're going home already?
i doubt i'll ever see the rest of you again.
everyone, take care of yourselves.
you too.
goodbye. give chaozu-san my best.
yeah. gohan, there's no way i'll ever forget son goku.
take good care of your mother.
right!
trunks, with your power the way it is now,
you should be able to easily defeat the artificial humans in the future.
good luck!
right. thank you for everything you've done.
bye, now.
good bye! see you later!
well, i guess we should go home, too.
trunks-san, when are you leaving for the future?
i'm thinking of getting a good night's sleep tonight, and leaving tomorrow.
all right, we'll come see you off tomorrow.
okay -
piccolo-sen, are you going to live here?
yeah, that's my plan.
would it be okay if i came to visit once in a while?
you bet.
everyone, thank you for all that you've done.
okay, see you later, dende.
be sure you come visit, okay?
see you later, popo-san.
all right! let's take off for a new tomorrow!
good bye!
well then, i'll be going to the capsule corporation tomorrow, okay?
see you later!
wh-where's dad?
ah, when you got killed, he became extremely angry.
without any concern for himself, he went after cell.
l-is that right?
my father did?
mother...
goku-sa died, did he?
turnin' down bein' brought back to life... that's just like goku-sa, too.
mother, don't cry.
i'm always able to feel father. father is alive, after all.
it's true. gohan's right.
chichi, goku-sa decided this for himself.
let him do as he wants.
take care, okay?
right.
good bye!
be careful!
good bye!
take care!
see you later!
father...!
one month after the end of the cell games,
peaceful days had once again arrived on the earth.
gohan-chan, i have a snack for you!
he must have gone out with pa.
he went out the window again. what am i goin' to do with him?
his poor manners are just like goku-sa's.
i'll have to give him a good scoldin' when he gets home.
it's nice takin' a walk on a nice day like this, huh?
but don't tell chichi i said so.
you've got it.
the peace really has returned, huh?
well, how about we find a present for chichi and head home?
all right!
h-hey!
where are you goin'?!
someplace i used to play with father often!
wh-where is that?!
grandpa, hurry!
it has to be here.
grandpa! i caught one!
you're here, all right!
gohan, you sure are goku-sa's son.
you're just like goku-sa in that regard!
gohan! behind you!
if you want some of this,
just hold on, i'll share it with you.
that's bad manners!
don't you understand when i say you can't do that?
that's what you get for having bad manners.
that's my grandson for you.
i guess he didn't figure on gohan being the strongest guy on earth!
he's walking! he's walking! trunks-chan is walking!
one-two, one-two...
hang in there! hang in there, trunks!
you're doing so good at walking!
oh, trunks! are you okay?
his sense of pride is just like his father's.
okay, okay, trunks! now, stand up by yourself!
way to go, trunks!
we now bring you this special program!
we present to you this feature,
detailing everything there is to know about mister satan,
the ultra-gifted combat sportsman, and strongest man on earth,
who has saved the world and all of mankind!
you're the best, satan!
good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
tonight, for the first time on tv,
we bring you everything there is to know...
about the ultra-gifted combat sportsman,
and strongest man on earth, mister satan.
and now, the man who saved us from the terrible cell games,
here is mister satan!
what do you mean, strongest man on earth?
he's the strongest one when it comes to being a fraud, maybe.
oh, my! it looks like mister satan
is about to show us his trademark roofing-tile breaking!
wh-what's this?!
tonight, there are 20 tiles, piled up high!
this is incredible!
mister satan, as i recall, before the cell games, you faced the challenge of 15 tiles,
and unfortunately left the last one of them unbroken, didn't you?
i'm not the same person that i was then.
since then, i've been secretly undergoing special training.
incredible! that's our hero, mister satan!
he has continued his conditioning without anyone knowing!
let me borrow this a second.
you good kids watching this on tv,
don't you dare try doing this yourselves.
promise me.
that's just what you would expect from the world's strongest man, mister satan!
what marvelous care he exhibits! he's not just man of strength!
once again, a single tile remains!
but amazingly, amazingly, he has cut his way through 19 tiles!
what a fearsome destructive force!
i'm glad i set my video to record while i'm out, because that was a showstopper!
although, that still hurt quite a bit.
he is indeed every bit the man that defeated cell!
kaio-sama, mister satan is quite the actor, huh?
there's always a man like that around someplace.
oh, well. it doesn't affect me.
that's right. by the way, goku...
what?
it's about time we started building us another house.
you're right.
but kaio-sama, where do you find a carpenter here in the next world?
there's one right here.
bubbles is going to build it?
you, kakq-sama'?
you and i are going to build it together!
oh, so that's it, huh?
then again, kaio-sama,
i may be good at breaking things, but i ain't very good at making stuff.
i'm not expecting much from you.
here is good. we can build here.
here, huh?
okay then, why don't we get started?
elsewhere, around that same time,
trunks in his time machine was about to arrive in the world of the future.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
now!!
wh-what?!
th-this can't be...!
at last, gohan had defeated cell.
the battle was over, and peace had returned to earth.
please bring those people who were killed by cell back to life!
that is a simple matter.
however, goku did not come back to life.
once you all die, i'll see you again! bye-bye!
and so, trunks used his time machine to return once again to the future.
"one more conclusionl! i will defend the future."
peace had returned to the earth. however, in the future that trunks came from,
the menace of the artificial humans no. 17 and no. 18 still continued.
mom, i'm home!
welcome back, trunks.
hold on, now...
what's going on here?
you're quite a bit taller, aren't you?
yes. mom, in kami-sama's temple,
there's this place called the room of spirit and time,
and if you train in there, you can pass an entire year in just one day.
i'm not entirely sure how that can be,
but in any case, i'm glad you got back safely.
so, how did it go?
judging by the look on your face, i'm guessing it went well.
yes.
that must have been rough.
i see. so son-kun ended up dying after all, huh?
but gohan-kun avenged him, right?
yes.
i also fought alongside dad.
w-with veg eta?
it turns out that dad wasn't just some cold person.
when i got killed by cell...
dammit!
he got serious, and became furious.
s-sure he did! isn't that what i've told you?
yes.
eh? vegeta did? so he did have that side to him...
we interrupt this program for an artificial human report.
no. 17 and no. 18 have appeared again.
they are currently attacking at point bbn-49, parsley city!
those miserable artificial humans! this time, for sure...!
trunks...
it's all right.
this is the reason i went to go see goku-san in the past.
this time for sure, i've got to avenge gohan-san and all the others!
it's not just the past... i've got to bring peace to this era, as well.
be careful, trunks. don't overdo it.
right!
you're acting just like a brat.
to think you would get so upset over losing at some computer game.
shut up! you keep quiet!
those two killed my wife and children...
dammit...!
you're a pretty good shot, huh, geezer?
should i give you a reward?
you want one, don't you? eh?
y-you devil!
who's there?!
trunks?
no. 17! no. 18!
this is the end for you! i'm going to put you away!
what, you're still alive?
you know, nobody can pull off wasted effort the way you can.
no. 17, i'm in a rotten mood!
i can go ahead and polish him off, can't i?
because i'm sick of him!
it will mean one less thing to amuse us, but okay.
do as you like, no. 18.
this will be more fun than some computer game.
watch out, no. 18!
damn it!
now you've done it!
what's wrong with you? that was pretty sloppy, no. 18.
damn! you're going to pay for that!
you've progressed quite a bit, huh?
getting no. 18 genuinely angry at you, and all.
in the past, where i went in my time machine,
you were somewhat good people.
but here, in this time period,
you continue to destroy cities for no reason, and torment everyone!
i cannot allow that to go on!
what are you blathering about?
let's get him, no. 17!
th-this can't be...!
h-how could no. 18 be done in by the likes of you?
that was for all of my friends you've killed.
and this... is to avenge gohan-san!
to hell with you!
it's over.
no, not yet...
there's still one crucial person remaining.
and so, the months passed by.
no. 17 and no. 18 were gone, along with the destruction they caused,
and peace had returned somewhat. in the cities, reconstruction had begun.
and then, the amount of energy required by the time machine for a round-trip journey
to the past had finally been stored up.
mom, i'm going to go report to everyone that i defeated no. 17 and no. 18.
trunks, be careful. tell everyone i said hi, okay?
okay, mom.
mom, get inside the house.
what is it? a visitor?
ah! it must be a girlfriend, right?
when did you manage that, you sneaky little...?
i know you're there, cell!
you're planning to kill me,
turn back into an egg, get aboard my time machine,
then go back into the past, and absorb no. 17 and no. 18, aren't you?
all to achieve your perfect form.
what?! h-how could you know that?
that plan is going to fail. and then, it will all be over.
my plan will fail, you say?
hmph, because of the likes of you?
cell, in your perfect form, you did indeed have astounding strength.
but as you are now, even i'm strong enough to defeat you!
so that's it.
you've been to the past, haven't you?
i see. that explains why you're so surprisingly informed.
be that as it may, i don't see how you could defeat me now.
trunks, i know all the data about you via the spy robot.
with your power,
you could not even defeat no. 17 or no. 18, let alone myself.
well then, why are no. 17 and no. 18 no longer around?
so that's why.
then you're the reason why those two have disappeared, huh?
damn... you killed no. 17 and no. 18.
what you've done was uncalled-for!
thanks to you, i cannot achieve my perfect form in this era!
i'm going to have to kill you after all.
i'll kill you, then use the time machine to go to the past,
and absorb no. 17 and no. 18 there!
it would be bad if we fought here in metro west.
the reconstruction has progressed quite a bit.
we're going to change locations!
what a rookie. it appears you've gotten a little better.
but you're making a laughingstock of yourself for trying to defeat me.
i am the ultimate artificial human created by doctor gero-sama!
there's no way that anyone in the world can defeat me!
we'll see about that.
there's no chance i'm letting you go back into the past!
enough!
th-this isn't supposed to be!
damn... i am the ultimate artificial human.
there's no way i should be losing to that child!
cell! not you...
for the sake of peace on earth, i cannot permit your existence!
wh-why, you...
if that's how you want it, you can be stunned by this technique!
ka... me...
ha... me...
may you be completely obliterated, cell!
d-damn it all.
damn it all...!
now, it's all over. thank you, everyone.
thank you, goku-san.
come on, bubbles, gregory!
try catching me, already!
you guys are hopeless.
you ain't been exercising enough lately, and have gotten too fat!
all done!
i'm impressed, kaio-sama!
whoops! kaio-sama, i'm sorry, i'm sorry!
i don't have the heart to build it again.
kaio-sama, this works out perfect, doesn't it?
i didn't feel like living here in the first place.
let's go somewhere!
i know! where are those masters of the next world?
the masters of the next world?
no fair!
you promised you'd take me
to where the masters of the next world were, didn't you?
or do you not know where they are?
no, of course i know where they are.
but goku, over there, there'll be...
let's go!
i want to meet these masters of the next world right away!
and so, goku and kaio-sama's tour of the next world began.
who were these masters of the next world that awaited goku?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
the death battle against the evil artificial human cell,
which involved goku's noble sacrifice,
had finally come to a conclusion at gohan's hand.
peace had returned to the earth.
and, as for goku...
he was happily living the free and easy life in the next world.
i don't have the heart to build it again.
"a deep lmpressionl! there they are! the next world's awesome dudes."
just... hey... cut that out, will you, goku?
hey! this is dangerous! stop it! hey!
the serpentine road is as long as ever, huh?
so, kaio-sama, can't you run a little faster?
goku, there's no reason to be in such a rush.
we are utterly dead, here. we've got plenty of time.
but i want to hurry and meet these masters of the next world!
i want to fight them, and see how strong they are!
th-that may be easy for you to say,
but if you take the masters of the next world too lightly,
you'll get yourself in a big mess.
those dudes are really that strong? these masters of the next world?
now look here!
i won't have you calling them "dudes"!
with all due respect to him,
the masters include the greatest gentleman in the next world!
the grand kaio-sama!
the grand kaio-sama...?
the grand kaio-sama, you see...
the grand kaio-sama stands at the head of us kaio,
who preside over the north, south, east, and west galaxies,
and is the most important, most powerful person in the next world.
on top of that, the grand kaio-sama is a great fan of the martial arts.
on grand kaio's world, those fighters who are champions of justice,
who, like yourself, have been given special bodies, engage in daily training.
now i want to meet this grand kaio guy all that much sooner!
oh yeah, i can fly!
whoopsie, whoopsie!
i forgot to ask how to get to grand kaio's world!
you get to grand kaio's world by taking an airplane.
all right, an airplane, you say? okay, then!
there's just no helping that guy. i'll bet he comes back here again.
there, see! here he comes!
so, where is this airplane?
it's at the airport next to great king yama's castle,
for those that are going to heaven.
all right, got it! later!
i wonder if he'll be coming back once more.
i sure hope he comes back.
here he comes! here he comes!
if we're going to great king yama's place, it's faster to go this way!
goku! see here!
okay, now, don't push. please observe your place in line.
you go to heaven.
yay! yay! i made it to heaven! yay! yay! all right! yay!
all right...
bring in the next one.
heya!
of all the people it could have been, if it isn't you, son goku!
have you died again? and you're here too, kaio-sama?
well, a lot has happened to bring us here, you see.
well, great king yama, i need to hurry on ahead.
whoa, won't you have some tea before you go?
excuse me, there, we can't have you taking cuts.
you have to remain in line and receive your judgment.
you've got a body...!
y-you're one of those special "free pass" people, aren't you?
you're the first one i've ever seen!
frankly speaking, i am impressed!
now, now, be my guest!
th-thank you...
good grief, that guy just goes around putting people out one after another.
well, see you around, yama!
sure, take care.
so that's a body given only to just martial artists,
that you can train with even in the next world?
oh, goku saved the earth, did he? that explains it...
okay, those spirits in a group going to heaven, please follow me.
you there, don't get out of line.
please be sure to follow right behind the spirit in front of you,
so you don't get lost, okay?
right!
how come our airplane is the only one this run-down?
i wanted to ride on one of those bigger airplanes.
is that heaven? it sure is huge!
we're just about there, goku.
huh? where, where? where?
look, look. over there.
huh? where?
that is grand kaio's world.
wow, it's a smaller planet than i imagined.
n-now look here! how can you say that?!
sorry, sorry. it's definitely much bigger than your planet, kaio-sama.
that's plenty rude in it's own right.
awesome! these folks all look pretty strong, all right.
kaio-sama!
it's been so long!
excuse us for not coming to see you for so long.
yeah, you're working hard, aren't you?
yes.
wow, kaio-sama, you're pretty famous here in the next world.
they come from the north galaxy, you see.
you mean, the same as me?
yeah, which would make them about 2,300 years your seniors.
2,300 years...?
eh?! 2,300 years?!
they've been training here for that long a time?!
45,303...
this is the hall of the grand kaio, where grand kaio-sama lives.
i'm about to meet the strongest guy in the next world, the grand kaio.
you'll call him grand kaio-sama!
if you conduct yourself disrespectfully, you're going to wind up hurting later!
is that how strong he is? this grand kaio?
same!!!
sama, i meant.
the truth is, not even i have seen grand kaio-sama fight before.
however, his fighting is widely said to be so wonderful,
yet so terrible, that it cannot be described in words.
yeah! th-this is it! this is the car that i wanted!
grand kaio-sama, how nice, how nice! i want one of these, too!
oh, the hind end on this is so sexy! wow! it's the greatest! it's the greatest!
kaio-sama, let's hurry up and go!
you!
wh-what?!
kaio of the west!
huh?
what's going on? eh? eh? what? what? what? what is this?
what are you doing here?!
what are you doing here yourself?!
today, i'm here to see paikuhan here, after a long absence.
paikuhan is the west galaxy's greatest martial artist, you know.
what?!
wh-what?!
wha...?!
y-you've died, have you?!
y-you mean this...?!
a kaio that has died...!
this is much funnier than any of your lousy jokes!
lousy jokes? what do you mean, lousy jokes?!
there are a number of circumstances that account for this.
i got kaio-sama dragged into this.
who is this kid?
me? i'm son goku.
goku is a just martial artist, who saved a planet in the north galaxy named earth.
he's one exceptionally strong fellow.
what? you say he's exceptionally strong?
ha! but he's not as strong as paikuhan here.
nope. goku is the stronger one.
ridiculous! no, paikuhan is obviously the stronger one!
no, that would definitely be goku!
it's definitely, definitely, paikuhan!
you don't get it, do you?!
you're the one who doesn't get it!
in that case, how about we let them fight?!
that's just what i wanted!
okay, go get him, goku!
eh? go get him? you mean, fight right here?
paikuhan, put him away nice and easy!
just a minute!
that voice!
it's the grand kaio-sama!
huh? where?
come on, come on, come on, goku! bow your head!
hii!
grand kaio-sama!
that's the grand kaio-sama?
forgive me for interrupting you while you're busy, but paikuhan-chan,
would you go to ku-jigo for me for a little bit?
yes, sir.
what's ku-x-'sp?
he's talking about jigoku. [jigoku: hell]
you take the "ku" from jigoku and put it in front to get ku-jigo.
something troubling has cropped up in ku-jigo.
something troubling?
recently, this guy named cell was sent to ku-jigo by ma-ya-chan, you see...
cell?!
cell, you go to hell!
this cell, accompanied by someone named freeza, is going around wreaking havoc.
cell? together with freeza and them?
so, i'd like for you to go and take care of them.
as you wish.
you can't do it alone! i'm going with you!
g-goku! you can't do this without permission!
oh, it's okay.
kaio-chan of the north, why don't you let him do as he likes?
i don't remember anyone asking you to help.
you don't know cell or freeza, which is why you can say that!
those guys are awfully strong!
this is terrible.
please oni!
i-if you would, let us go please onfl.
huh? if it ain't gozu and mezu!
you're the one who fell from the serpentine road before! son goku!
thank goodness we haven't been found by cell onfl.
we've come to put down cell.
eh? really oni? eh? really oni?
well? you've learned well who it is you should be following, right?
who's the boss of this place?
i can't hear you!
c-cell...!
you mean cell-same, don't you?
ohi!
you guys! you still plan on misbehaving here in hell?!
son goku!
you ain't repented one bit, have you?
this is terrific. it appears that you have died, too.
i'm glad to see you again.
men of the special corps...?
yes, sir!
paikuhan!
wh-what?!
wh-when did goku get so...?!
do not panic!
that was nothing. i did kill him, after all.
l-i should have known, cell-san. if you would be so kind...
what the...
what?!
impossible!
paikuhan...!
wh-what speed!
d-damn!
to just get trounced like this, and not be able to die...
it's like being in hell.
they shouldn't be causing any more mischief now.
yeah, i doubt it.
awesome. to think that there'd be someone as awesome as this...!
the next world is going to be pretty exciting!
there were masters in the next world that were even better than goku.
goku's chest swelled greatly with anticipation.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
in the next world, goku had come to live on grand kaio's world,
where the most supreme, most powerful grand kaio lived.
many of the next world's martial artists lived and trained on grand kaio's world.
"i'm the best in the next world!! heroes of the ages assembled."
and he sent cell flying in the blink of an eye!
paikuhan is really awesome!
okay, i get it, i get it.
i'm just saying, he's really strong.
paikuhan isn't the only one who's strong.
hey, you guys!
you called, kaio-sama?
this is a newcomer, son goku. he's pleased to meet you.
pleased to meet you.
goku, these are the martial artists from the north galaxy.
that means, they are your seniors.
migoren here fought bravely against fiendish aliens 700 years ago.
sate defended his home planet from a collision with a meteor 3,500 years ago.
and, like you, olivue here came from earth,
and he is still immortalized as a hero in mythology.
everyone else here was an outstanding martial artist when they were alive.
these mighty men have been training here for many thousands of years,
in order that grand kaio-sama might train them.
you've got to train that much before grand kaio-sama will train you?
that's right.
only those who grand kaio-sama considers qualified receive that honor.
is that so?
the next world isn't going to be all that easy.
kaio of the north has died!
kaio of the north has died! kaio of the north has died!
kaio of the north has died!
he's gone and died, after all! wh-what's this...?!
kaio of the north has died!
what a happy occasion!
it's not a happy occasion!
and what are all of you here together for?!
i called them here.
after all, a kaio has died, and they've got to see this!
positively!
we'll have a big blowout to commemorate it!
you don't have to make any fuss!
who is that together with the kaio-sama of the west?
they're both kaio-sama, as well.
kaio-sama of the south, and kaio-sama of the east.
there sure are a lot of kaio-sama, ain't there?
there are four galaxies, you see, divided into north, south, east, and west.
above them, you've got hell, and the serpentine road,
and then far above them, there are the four kaio's worlds,
from which each of the kaio watch over the galaxies they preside over.
and then, higher than the kaio's worlds, higher even than heaven,
is grand kaio's world here.
so that's how this world and the next world are made up, huh?
i didn't know any of that.
we found out about it for the first time when we died, too.
what do you know, you really are dead, huh?
you don't have to keep saying that, you pesky old biddy!
what did you call me?! just you say that again!
hold on! now, now, you two, calm down, calm down!
never mind all that, for the first time in 300 years,
all four kaio are here together.
how about after all this time,
we hold a martial arts tournament between the four galaxies?
a tournament?
an anoyoichi tournament? [anoyoichi: best of the next world]
nice idea there, kaio-chan of the west.
yes, sir! thank you very much!
in that case, i will personally give lessons to whoever wins.
r-really?! you will, grand kaio-sama?!
personally?
give lessons?
well, is it okay if you ain't been training for a long time?
i've never even hoped for such a chance.
it's like a dream.
you know something, it's been a long time since we've had a tournament.
i know! everyone, come on...!
in here.
this will be just right for our arena, won't it?
incredible!
magnificent!
positively!
a-all right! i'm going to go at it and win this!
and what's more, i'm going to have grand kaio-sama train me!
just a minute, you! you're thinking of participating?
of course i am.
for someone so new, you shouldn't think so little of the next world!
kaio of the east, goku may be a newcomer, but he has considerable power.
if you're willing to say that much, how about i give him a test?
if you can beat me in a race,
i will approve your participation in the tournament.
here we go again...
positively...
kaio of the east always wants to race, for whatever reason she can come up with.
that's okay, isn't it?
let's let them do it. i love this fun stuff.
it's starting! it's starting! i'm starting to get fired up!
good luck in there, goku.
that biddy is the last person i want to lose to.
we'll let the end of this training ground be the finish line. ready?
you betcha!
hang in there, goku!
go when i say!
(ready ).!
yahoo!
this youngster's not too bad, is he?
but then...
that's far enough!
yahoo!
it looks like they're running pretty fast.
it's just about time, i guess...
geez! what a persistent boy you are!
that's the finish line!
hii!
grand kai...
mo-sama!
the results of this contest are in.
the winner is...
i made it!
n-me!
eh? you can't mean it!
it's clear to anyone that was watching, right?
i got here all the way from that distant doorway.
you can't mean it!
grand kaio-sama, i didn't know that you were participating!
i never said i wasn't participating.
"kaio of the north dying commemorative anoyoichi tournament"
i'm impressed by you kaio-chan folks. you built us a fine ring.
listen up! if you lose, you'll pay for it!
you're our top contender. give it your all, paikuhan!
of course.
paikuhan is entering, too? wow, i'm so excited!
this fight is going to be a bit different for you
than any tenkaichi tournament you've ever been in before.
be careful how you go about this.
right.
ladies and gentlemen, we apologize for the terribly long wait.
we now convene the kaio of the north dying commemorative anoyoichi tournament!
and so, to begin with, we will hear a word of welcome from the grand kaio-sama!
all of you here, today, we hold a tournament after a long absence.
to those of you who are fighting, as well as those of you who are cheering them on,
let's all have an enjoyable time of it!
thank you very much. now then, allow us to explain the rules.
there are four entrants from each galaxy,
and their pairings were determined earlier by lottery.
this is how it will be determined!
the contests will be one-game matches, without any time restriction.
falling out of the ring,
crying:
or saying you give up constitutes a loss.
further, blinding strikes,
strikes to critical areas, and other such dirty moves are not allowed.
there is no need to worry about anyone in the anoyoichi tournament dying.
you're already dead, after all!
and so, everyone, let's all please have a good, safe fight!
the winner will receive, of all things, some private,
one-on-one coaching from grand kaio-sama!
i think i'd rather have something yummy to eat, instead of private coaching.
stop horsing around!
do you want to be the winner?!
do you want to train with grand kaio-sama?!
are you sure of yourselves?!
okay then, we'll move right on ahead to the first match.
first off, we have contestant olivue, from the north galaxy,
and contestant chapchai, from the east galaxy!
win, no matter what! you got that?!
hang in there, olivue!
the guys from the east galaxy have great speed! watch out!
he's fast!
oh, my! this is incredible!
due to his extreme speed,
it looks like contestant chapchai has a number of different bodies!
the zanzo-ken technique?!
ah! how can this be?! contestant chapchai divided himself!
however, ironically, it proved to be his downfall!
contestant olivue wins!
what's the deal with this guy?
and now, from the north galaxy, a new face, contestant son goku,
and, from the south galaxy, the formidable contestant caterpi!
what kind of fight will this turn out to be?!
watch yourself, goku!
oh, crap!
you're finished now!
goku!
contestant caterpi launches a tickle attack!
how sneaky! how utterly sneaky!
now, say you give "p!
the south galaxy is a peaceful one...
you give up? sure you do! say it!
i can't let myself say it!
y-you're remarkably weak, huh?
what? how dare you say that! all right, if that's how you want it...!
you'll be sorry afterward!
i don't think i will be.
what could this be?!
contestant caterpi has started to transform!
wh-what is that?
he's turned into a chrysalis!
caterpi is transforming into his ultimate form!
k-kaio of the south, if i could ask,
when will contestant caterpi hatch from his chrysalis?
in about 1,200 years, i would say.
l-i can't wait that long!
l-i can't wait, either. son goku wins this match!
wh-what just happened?
at last, the tournament in the next world had begun.
will goku be able to advance his way up?
goku could not even guess what kind of opponents he would face from here on.
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
goku had come to participate in the anoyoichi tournament
that was being held on grand kaio's world.
"kaio of the north dying commemorative anoyoichi tournament"
personal training by the grand kaio himself, the strongest man in the next world.
goku's fighting spirit was fired up...
k-kaio of the south, if i could ask,
when will contestant caterpi hatch from his chrysalis?
in about 1,200 years, i would say.
l-i can't wait, either. son goku wins this match!
goku had safely made his way past the first round.
wh-what just happened?
"grand kaio's world gone wild!! goku kicks up a whirlwind."
and so, we have safely concluded the preliminary tournament,
and the best eight have been decided!
the eight martial artists who will compete in the final tournament are...
from the south galaxy, contestant furog and contestant tolbee!
from the east galaxy, contestant aqua!
from the north galaxy,
contestant olivue and contestant son goku!
from the west galaxy, contestant malaiko,
contestant tapica, and contestant paikuhan.
go, go, west! go, go, paikuhan!
that's what you'd expect from the folks from our galaxy!
they're still in this!
don't go bragging just because you've got one more than the rest of us, kaio of the west!
wh-what?!
what?
now, now, you two, you go saying that,
and you have to feel sorry for kaio of the east, don't you?
she only has one person left, after all.
who asked you?
it's not who has the most people remaining that's important!
even with only one person, i can still advance my way up!
and so, we now begin the first match!
the south galaxy's contestant tolbee versus...
the west galaxy's contestant tapica!
tolbee! give that little guy a nice, gentle pounding!
underestimate tapica, and you'll be sorry!
what? tapica, show them a little something!
h-he sure is fast! i wouldn't be able to dodge him at that speed!
h-he's good.
okay then, please begin!
l give up-
i'm exhausted.
that ring must have been exceedingly large for tapica's little body.
don't offer your commentary so seriously!
okay then, we'll now begin the second match!
did you get him?
all right! at this point, that move is the only thing i can do!
i take on big guys with a bigger body!
the south galaxy's contestant furog is swelling up larger and larger!
what in the world could he be planning to do?!
he's huge. there's all sorts of folks with different techniques here, huh?
the next world is a big place, all right.
damn! why, you...!
keep at it! this is what happens!
i'll swell up more and more, and push you right out of the ring!
wh-what's this? contestant furog's aim in growing so large
is to push contestant malaiko out of the ring!
i'm not about to lose!
incredible!
"west."
the west galaxy's contestant malaiko wins!
contestant malaiko proceeds to the semifinals!
damn!
all right! next comes my turn.
let's do this!
moving on,
the third match will be a fight between the east galaxy's contestant aqua,
and the north galaxy's contestant son goku!
goku, stick it to him!
what are you talking about?!
aqua is the one who'll be doing the sticking!
okay then, please begin!
what are you waiting for?! don't just stand there!
go on! get going! aqua!
huh? could it be that he's an awfully weak guy?
i've gone and done something terrible.
aqua! now! use that technique of yours!
wha ?
wh-what them?
aqua, whose specialty is underwater combat,
has the ability to turn anyplace into water!
that's cheating!
nope! there's no rule against turning the ring to water, after all.
that may be so, but...
i can'd mobe bery well underwader!
all righd...!
taiy0~kenll.
ka... me...
ha... me...
n-ha!
r-ringout!
contestant son goku wins!
goku, you did it!
geez! you've smeared mud on my face!
all of you, 10,000 laps around grand kaio's world!
don't you "oh-oh" me!
you sure are strong, huh?
if you'd put me in the water once again, i might have lost.
i'll win next time.
you bet. let's do that again.
what are you doing?! get going right now!
and now, the last match of the best eight is coming up!
the north galaxy's contestant olivue,
and the west galaxy's contestant paikuhan!
olivue-chan! paikuhan-chan! good luck to both of you!
the west galaxy's contestant paikuhan, who is highly favored to be the champion,
and the north galaxy's contestant olivue!
both competitors in this battle are veterans!
it looks like we can count on a magnificent fight!
olivue! olivue!
paikuhan! paikuhan!
olivue! give it your all!
ha! you fool! there's nobody that can beat paikuhan!
it's useless to even cheer him on!
what?! you don't know that about paikuhan!
how about you wait to say that until after you've seen them fight?!
ah! i'll say it as much as i want! so much so that after paikuhan has won,
you'll have calluses on your ears!
why, you...
n-not even i can see them! awesome!
they're awesome! both paikuhan and olivue!
so this is the power the martial artists have in the next world, is it?
r-ring...
since i was out of the ring, there's no need for me to say this...
but i still wanted to say it. i am defeated.
you've beaten me decisively.
c-contestant paikuhan wins!
well, goku-chan, what do you think?
a-awesome...! my body is shaking...!
are you afraid? well, you're a newcomer, after all.
you probably can't help but feel that way.
that ain't it. i'm all excited!
what?! excited, you say?!
that's great, go ku-chan!
t-to think that i could fight against someone that strong...!
the martial artists of the next world possess techniques and power
beyond imagination.
a stormy semifinal round awaits goku!
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
hikaru kumo wo tsukinuke.
fly away (fly away)
karadajuu ni hirogaru panorama.
kao wo kerareta chikyuu ga
okotte (okotte)
kazan wo bakuhatsu saseru.
toketa koori no naka ni
kyouryuu ga itara tamanori shikomitai ne.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
nani ga okite mo kibun wa heno heno kappa.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
mune ga pachi pachi suru hodo sawagu genki dama.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
atama karappo no hou ga yume tsumekomeru.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
egao urutora z de
kyou mo ai-yai-yai-yai-yai, .
sparking!
following a difficult battle,
goku advanced his way into the semifinals of the anoyoichi tournament,
where he took in the spectacular battle between paikuhan and olivue,
which stoked his fighting spirit even higher.
c-contestant paikuhan wins!
t-to think that i could fight against someone that strong...!
"final round of flame!! goku or paikuhanl?"
go get him, goku! shock him with a good hard slam!
malaiko! no need to hold back!
with your power, that guy will be a piece of cake!
ah, that newcomer even made it into the semifinals!
yeah. but it could be too much for even him this time.
nah, you never know.
he could just be the first person from the north galaxy
to receive training from grand kaio-sama.
you can't mean that.
we will now begin the first match of the semifinal round
of the kaio of the north dying commemorative anoyoichi tournament!
contestant malaiko, contestant goku, please begin!
he's dodging everything by just a hairsbreadth.
oh, dear! contestant goku has been knocked high into the air!
after being sent flying like this... ah, watch out! can he still be all right?!
all right! this is how i'll finish the match!
wh-what?!
malaiko!
goku!
here it goes!
take this!
where could contestant malaiko have gone?!
there you are!
c-contestant malaiko is out of bounds!
contestant son goku advances to the final round!
goku! well done! that was great!
that kid definitely has a lot more power than when we first met.
don't tell me he's advanced that much in this short a time...
thank you!
i look forward to this.
s-so, goku has advanced to the final round.
the victory is well within his reach now.
you fool!
what?!
get yourself all worked up now, while you can, you hardheaded old dimwit.
wh-what?!
listen, your kid might have been lucky enough to win this time,
but in the final round, he's going to have to fight against my galaxy's paikuhan!
there's no way he can win!
th-that's not so. it's only natural that goku is going to win.
i know well just how strong he is.
what are you talking about?! the winner is going to be paikuhan!
goku!
paikuhan!
goku! goku! goku! paikuhan! paikuhan! paikuhan!
if you're willing to go that far, shall we bet on it?
bet on it?
if, by some slim chance that paikuhan loses, i will give you my west kaio's world.
what? your kaio's world?
yeah. and, if goku loses, what will you do? hmm?
a-all right, i'll give you my north kaio's world...
huh? it's not there anymore, is it?
wh-what will you do?
w-well, that is, i...
so that's it, you don't have enough confidence, do you?
th-that's ridiculous!
a-all right, if goku loses, i'll become your servant, or whatever you want.
that's rich! all right, if goku loses, then for as long as you live...
but then again, you've already died...
but anyhow, you'll be my servant. okay?
of course! a kaio doesn't go back on his word!
that was a good match!
thank you. but you know...
but? but what?
what was that just now?!
that was the sound of my stomach.
terrific! that's just like you, goku-chan!
i just asked to have a big spread be put together over there.
all right! i'm saved!
grand kaio-sama!
just a minute!
what is it, kaio of the north?
this is no time to be eating.
are you sure you don't want to watch paikuhan's next match?
moving on to the next match...
contestant tolbee versus...
contestant paikuhan!
it's okay, it's okay.
okay...? you mean it?
what an insolent kid!
after all, i already know who's going to win.
you say you already know?
how in the world...?
never mind that, let's eat! let's eat!
wow! i'll help myself!
fight! fight! fight! fight!
come on! what's with this shoddy running?!
for crying out loud, not one of you made it through to the semifinals!
now i've got mud smeared on my face!
if you keep running this lethargically,
i'll increase your punishment a hundredfold!
what were you guys thinking, for pity's sake?!
okay -
okay -
paikuhan is the winner!
a-and so, the time for the final round has arrived!
in the final round, representing the west galaxy,
contestant paikuhan!
facing him will be, representing the north galaxy,
contestant son goku!
contestant son goku, if you are present, please enter the ring at once!
no more helpings! is this any time to be taking it so easy?!
it's the final round! you're on!
what's this? contestant son goku was eating!
for the love of... he's trying to make fools of us!
just a second! i ain't finished yet! i ain't finished!
is he sure of himself, or is he just plain stupid?
fight! fight! fight! fight!
come on! come on! come on! come on!
it looks like the final round is beginning.
"you guys keep 95" '?-!
if you slack off, you'll answer to me!
go, go, west! go, go, paikuhan!
very well then, please begin!
wh-why ain't you dodging me?
so that's it.
you're saying you don't even need to dodge my punches, huh?
still, i wasn't going at you seriously just now, either.
i doubt you were!
all right...!
paikuhan! you'll fall out of the ring! be careful!
goku! get him once and for all!
not too bad.
is that the extent of your power, goku?
what?
if so, i'll start going at you, as well!
i can't push him back!
th-that's impossible!
you're better than i thought, goku.
that goes double for me. i'm so happy, i'm all keyed up!
oh, my!
paikuhan has started to take off his gown! what exactly could he be up to?!
l-is this...?
i get it. so you were only warming up just now, were you?
there's something about you that's a lot like piccolo.
piccolo?
yeah. he's a martial artist that got me all worked up too, like you have.
you're pretty good.
in that case, me too...
okay, let's hurry up and get going again.
i-incredibly, paikuhan was not using his true power.
and neither was goku!
the true power of both goku, having become a super saiyan, and paikuhan...
which one of them will be victorious?
kakete kuru yo appuru iro monstaa.
tonde kuru yo nattsu no kaori eirien.
deatte dokkin dokkin.
pika pika ginga wa poppukoon shawaa.
kinou ni bai-bai-bai (go-ha-n)
fu-shi-gi (lp-pa-i)
chikara wo komete (okawari ok)
kochira e lai-iai-lai.
woh... mirakuru zenkai pawaa!
hara heri wanpaku kinto un.
yama hodo takusan suiheisen.
deatte wakarete deatte wakarete.
ta-i-he-n.
ah mou kamisama mo tsurai yo ne!
gomen.
woh... manpuku zenkai pawaa!
dete koi tobikiri zenkai pawaa!
break through the shining clouds, and fly away (fly away)
as a panorama spreads itself throughout my being!
the earth, having been kicked in the face, gets angry (angry)!
and makes one of its volcanoes explode!
if, within the thawed polar ice,
there is a dinosaur, then i want to train him to balance atop a ball.
cha-la-head-cha-la.
no matter what may happen, i feel as though nothing can bother me,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
however hard your chest pounds, the genki dama will roar!
cha-la-head-cha-la.
the emptier your head is, the more room there is to pack with dreams,
cha-la-head-cha-la.
with a cheerful face and an ultra-z, today is ai-yai-yai-yai-yai...
sparking!
at last, goku had advanced to the final round of the anoyoichi tournament,
where he would fight paikuhan.
th-that's impossible!
during the battle, paikuhan acknowledged goku's power,
and removed the weighted gear that he wore to train himself with.
in that case, me too...
"don't let victory get away!! finish with an ultra-fast kamehame-ha."
wh-what sort of man is this? his ki is rising sharply!
wh-what could this be?!
contestant goku has transformed, and there is a golden glow about his body!
wh-what?
wh-what in the world happened to that kid?
don't be so surprised. goku has just turned super saiyan, that's all.
super...
saiyan, did you say?
that's right. you see, to put it simply, so that even you can understand,
up until now, goku hasn't meant business.
that's what this means.
what?!
"ha ha ha ha."
if goku wins, west kaio's world is mine.
i know!
but as for not meaning business, the same goes for paikuhan, too!
e-exactly what kind of fight are we going to see unfold before us now?!
i cannot even make a prediction!
i ain't going to make any predictions either.
kamehame...
n-ha!
you ain't getting away!
over here, goku!
when did he have time to get over there?
i wasn't able to read his movement at all!
by transforming, your power appears to have risen quite a bit.
but even so, you still can't keep up with me, huh?
i was expecting something a little better.
take this! hyper tornado!!
d-don't forget our bet, kaio of the north!
l-i know!
what?
goku! your body has reached its limits!
wh-what?!
(super kaio-ken').!
ka... me...
ha... me...
n-ha!
what?!
he was so close! just a little bit further and...
l-lncredible! it's not surprising that the guys from my galaxy
didn't reach the second round like this.
it'll be another 500 years before they're ready to fight those boys!
grand kaio-sama, it looks like after all this time,
there's going to be a martial artist good enough to receive
the grand kaio-sama's personal training, doesn't it?
th-that's right. i did make that promise, didn't i? i had completely forgotten.
l-i'm impressed you could take it this far.
frankly, you're better than i anticipated.
that's because you're so strong.
when i fight against those who are strong,
i get happy, and become high-spirited.
the same goes for me about being happy, enough so that i hate to have to end this.
what?!
thunder...
flash!!
thunder... flash!!
i-incredible...
it's almost as if that technique ain't got any vulnerabilities...
he's going to get me!
thunder...
flash!!
i almost got burned to a crisp!
o-our ring, which we worked so hard to build!
th-that lousy paikuhan!
he launched that technique, knowing that i was here!
i'm going to have to chew him out good later!
wh-what in the world is happening up there?
i can't tell.
contestant paikuhan and contestant goku have both risen so high,
we are unable to see them!
just what is going on with the match right now?!
not bad...
(kamehame-ha').!
i shot at him head-on, and he evaded it with ease!
all right, now to finish you.
i'll knock you out of the ring with my thunder flash!
yikes!
stay calm...
there has to be a vulnerability somewhere in that technique.
spot it!
thunder...
now!
flash!!
kameha...
"jtig..."
ha!!
c-contestant paikuhan is out of bounds!
the winner of the anoyoichi tournament is contestant son goku!
you got me.
you shouldn't have launched your thunder flash all of three times.
it was that third time that i first saw your motions clearly.
i see. you really are something else.
train hard with the grand kaio-sama.
i'll keep training, so i don't fall behind, and beat you next time for sure.
yeah. but then, i ain't going to fall behind, either.
goku won! goku won!
so then, i guess i'll be taking west kaio's world, huh?
y-yeah, i know!
and so, will the victorious contestant goku please join me over here!
just a moment!
since there was a rule violation during this match,
both goku-chan and paikuhan-chan are disqualified!
goku-chan, you and paikuhan-chan did indeed touch foot on the ceiling of this arena, right?
the ceiling?
yeah, we touched it.
according to article 1351 of this anoyoichi tournament rulebook,
the arena's ceiling and floor are regarded as one and the same.
the reason being that if you turn the ring upside-down,
the ceiling becomes the floor.
that's what it says here.
grand kaio-sama, after everything that happened, isn't that asking too much?
l-it can't be!
that's a fantastic rule violation! fantastic! fantastic!
is that right? i guess i can't help it if i broke the rules.
that's right. but you two did fight very well,
so if you train for another two or three hundred years,
i wouldn't mind having another look at you.
two or three hundred years, huh? all right, i'll do my best!
phew, thank goodness!
lately, i've been slacking off in my training,
and i'd probably get tuckered out training with goku-chan at his pace.
as such, goku came to live out his days in the next world
in merry, spirited training.
and so, seven years' time went by...
okay, mother, i'm off!
oh, just a minute, gohan!
here! you forgot this!
for cryin' out loud, you're just like goku-sa when it comes to bein' scatterbrained.
okay, mother, i'll be back soon.
uh-huh. make sure you listen to what the teachers tell you.
right.
kinto un!
don't go speedin' too fast, now!
son gohan, not having any schools as such out in the country where he lived,
had relied upon self-study and correspondence courses from home up until now,
but his mother, chichi, decided that that alone wasn't enough, and so starting today,
he would start going to a high school in satan city.
here it comes a-fighting, an apple-colored monster,
here it comes a-flying, a nut-scented alien,
they meet and the heart beats faster.
sparkle, sparkle, the galaxy's a popcorn shower.
yesterday goes bye, bye, bye, (gohan),
mystery, (far as the eye can see),
gather up your energy, (substitutes are okay),
come over here, lai, lai, lai.
ooh, miracle zenkai power!
a hungry, naughty kinto un,
a mountain full of horizons.
they meet each other, they come apart, they meet each other, they come apart, oh, no!
aah, enough! even kami-sama has it rough.
so sorry.
ooh, full-bellied zenkai power!
come on out, full-on zenkai power!
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
several years had passed since the battle against cell.
thanks to the actions of son goku and his son,
the earth had been rescued from falling into cell's devilish hands,
and its people were able to take back their peaceful existence once again.
however, once they become accustomed to that peace,
foolish people begin to proliferate immediately.
that's just the way people are.
in the countryside where son gohan lives, there weren't any schools,
and up to now, he had gotten along at home through self-study
and correspondence courses,
but his mother, chichi, was concerned that that was not enough by itself,
and so it was decided that he would attend high school.
there's the edge of town. i suppose it's about time i landed.
bye-bye, kinto un! i'll need you to take me home, too!
father, mister satan is believed to be the hero who saved the earth.
and because this is the city where mister satan lives,
its name has even been changed to satan city.
"7 years since then! starting today, i'm a high school student."
come on, come on! make with the money, quick!
you want to die?!
don't make any trouble!
get it in there, fast!
hey, this looks like all there is.
all right, let's beat it!
once we've used up the money we've taken, we'll be back again!
yahoo!
huh? maybe i dawdled too much on the way.
all right...!
go on, go on! fire!
not again. there's just no helping this city.
i'll have to transform again, so nobody can tell who i really am.
hey, hey! come and get us!
what?!
wh-who are you?!
h-he's a monster!
g-get out of here!
y-yow-ow-ow-ow...
incredible!
wh-what happened?
say...
who was it that did this? don't tell me it was the police.
gee, i didn't see.
and after i flew all the way here... i wonder who on earth it was.
ah, videl-sama, i saw him. it was that golden warrior.
the golden warrior? again?
yeah. he had incredible strength and speed.
he even turned over the criminal's car from a distance as it was escaping,
with what looked like some kind of kiai shout.
oh, yeah. i think he might have been a student at orange star high school, just like you.
he was wearing that same school badge there.
a-a student at my high school?
is there anyone there like that? with golden-colored hair...?
say, shapner, you're not him, are you? the golden warrior?
sorry to disappoint you.
i was doing early-morning training in my club.
i don't have the time to be carrying on such nonsense.
say, videl, could this guy be even stronger than your papa?
don't be ridiculous. videl's papa is mister satan, the guy who saved the earth.
could there be anyone in this world stronger than him?
good morning, people.
let me introduce to you a new student
who is transferring in and will be in your class starting today.
you can come in.
g-good day.
i'm son. son gohan. nice to meet you.
oh, my, he's pretty cute, isn't he? he's just my type!
"gohan," he said. that's a strange name.
it seems like i've seen him somewhere...
he looks completely like a quiet little bookworm, huh?
son-kun here is an excellent student,
who got perfect scores in math, chemistry, physics,
history, language, and foreign languages on his admissions test.
quiet! i would very much like for his motivation to rub off on you, too.
son-kun, go ahead and sit down in an empty seat.
right.
let's see...
over here!
here, here!
th-thanks.
th-thanks.
i'm eraza. nice to meet you.
and while we're at it, this girl is videl.
okay then, today, we're starting on page 24.
gohan-kun, you'll be surprised to hear this! videl's papa, you see,
is mister satan, of all people!
m-mister satan?
see? you're surprised!
then, you're mister satan's daughter?
that's right. you've got to be grateful to them.
it's because of this girl's papa that we're all alive now.
that's it! you were...
you were that person i talked to this morning
at the scene where those bank robbers were arrested.
yeah.
ah, the one where they say the golden warrior appeared?
the golden warrior? who is that?
you just got here, so you wouldn't know, huh?
he's a warrior for justice, who has appeared three times in the last ten days.
he's supposed to be this incredibly strong boy, with gold-colored hair that stands on end.
he's famous around this city.
ulp! th-they mean me!
those two times from when i was arranging to attend this school, plus this morning...
"i just wanted to say with you when she said to me that..."
"but i wanna make her feel so good. nothing i can do to you..."
"and..."
you know...
according to an eyewitness,
the golden warrior was wearing a badge from this school.
he was said to be wearing a whitish shirt, with a black vest, and brown pants.
it may be a coincidence, but that's you to a t.
oh, my, it's true!
no, i-it's just...
you there, be quiet!
right, right.
okay then, moving along... "two weeks are passed and at last..."
look at who you're talking about. is that the body of a warrior?
since long ago, the general rule is that anyone who was good at studying
was hopeless when it comes to athletics.
and he's not even blond to begin with.
yeah, you're right.
you look altogether weak, if you don't mind me saying.
that's true, huh?
naturally, i don't believe it's him,
but on the video where papa was fighting cell long ago,
there was a strange group whose hair did turn golden, wasn't there?
papa said it was just a worthless trick, though.
say, gohan-kun, are you commuting from home?
or are you renting an apartment in town?
oh, i'm commuting from home.
where is it? where is your home?
um, eastern zone 439. it's in a small village.
eh?! eastern zone 439?! you're kidding, right?!
that's a thousand kilos from here, isn't it?!
geez, that's enough already!
can't you keep quiet?!
how on earth do you get here?
it would take a jet flyer five hours to travel that far!
w-well, you can see how hard it is, with all the time it takes.
whoops...
"he is the greatest man..."
okay, why don't we have someone translate up to that point?
let's see, who should i pick?
mister satan even shows up in the textbooks!
i guess that's satan city for you.
hey, you!
go on and translate by way of introducing yourself, "mountain boy."
go on, gohan-kun'.!
right, you're the transfer student, aren't you?
let's see, your name was...
son gohan, of the perfect admissions test!
that's right, isn't it? okay, son-kun, try translating this.
right. let's see... er, what page are we on again?
we're starting on page 24.
ah, right. "mister satan came to live in what is now satan city",
and at the time was orange star city,
following his victory at the 24th tenkaichi tournament.
even after becoming the world champion, he never misses his training,
"and his running through town every morning has become a feature of the city."
someone must be talking about me again.
it's tough being a hero. am i right, you guys?
for today's phys ed, we'll continue what we were doing last time by having a baseball game.
hey, you know what baseball is?
yes. i've never played it, but i do at least know the rules.
you've never played?
that's just great. you must have done nothing but study, right?
videl, you can have him on your team.
i don't want him!
why not? his brain is first rate,
so maybe he can come up with some strategy.
that's true. all right.
you cover right. do you know what "right" is?
yes. it's "migi," isn't it?
migif!
well, you're not wrong...
i wonder if gohan is gettin' along okay.
this is his first time goin' to school, after all.
i sure hope he's gettin' accustomed to it.
both mom and bulma-san said that if people knew who i really was,
there would be a big commotion, and it would make a mess.
i'll have to make sure i play suitably sloppily.
it sure is hard being out in the world.
let 'er rip, shapner!
i'm not letting you hit this, shapner!
damn!
he did it! a home run!
the runner on third has gone.
as i recall, if i throw it to third in this case, they'll be out.
all right, gently, gently... about this hard, maybe?
o-out!
i did it! three outs, change sides!
th-this is bad. even at just that, i must have overdone it.
th-that was incredible of you.
you just jumped about eight meters, didn't you?
no, it was just a fluke! a fluke!
o-oh, a fluke, huh?
b-but still, is that something you can call a fluke?
hey, who's the next batter?
number 8 leads off, right? isn't that you?
right. right! right!
sorry!
i wonder what will happen with his batting.
l-let's watch him!
you bat left-handed, do you?
is that wrong?
no, it's fine with me,
but, er, your grip is backwards.
backwards?
uh, just do it however you like.
how dare you deny me my home run earlier!
maybe i ought to drop you...
this is bad. if i draw any more attention than this, it will really be bad.
i can't hit it.
here goes! if you don't duck this, you'll die!
look out!
y-you idiot! wh-why didn't you avoid that?!
um, this is what's called a "dead ball," right?
m-mm-hmm...
lucky! lucky! i got on base without having to hit!
i'm not drawing attention; i'm not drawing attention!
wh-what's the deal with that guy?
that's suspicious...
hey, you! which clubs have you decided on?
er, well, i haven't decided on any.
in that case, join the boxing club. you're tougher than i thought.
you could do pretty well.
um, i don't plan on joining any clubs. you see...
right, right! gohan-kun's house is terribly far away.
he doesn't have time to get involved in any club activities.
th-that's right.
say, gohan-kun, let's go home together. take me as far as my house?
um, sorry, but my car only has room for one.
you could move to satan city, couldn't you?
well, no, you see, about that...
this is suspicious, all right!
if his home is so far away, why isn't he going by car or jet flyer?
huh?
the city sure does wear you out, huh?
and now, there's the golden warrior, huh?
i'll need some kind of clothing so that people won't know it's me.
i think i'll discuss it with bulma-san.
the first day of high school was over.
gohan thought that this was the first time in his life
that he'd had a day that was this tiring.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
several years had passed since peace had come to earth.
gohan was coming to satan city in order to attend high school.
he was trying to draw as little attention to himself as possible,
while still living the life of a high-schooler. however...
immediately, stories about a golden-haired warrior
became the talk of the town.
g-good day.
i'm son. son gohan. nice to meet you.
i'm eraza. nice to meet you.
this girl here is videl. videl's papa, you see,
is mister satan, of all people!
mister satan?
this is suspicious, all right!
"for love and justice... enter the great saiyaman."
you want to undergo a complete transformation,
so that your identity is not revealed?
yes. i thought that you would surely have some good ideas, bulma-san,
so i stopped by on the way home from school.
are there any good ways of doing this?
sure there are. i am a genius, after all.
basically, i'd just need to convert a transformation suit into particles,
like we do for capsules, so that you can put it on at any time.
really? by all means, if i could ask you to do that...
it's just like you to not be able to keep quiet
and turn a blind eye to evil, gohan-kun.
sure, i'll make one for you. wait here for a couple of hours.
you can do it in two hours? how kind of you. thank you very much.
okay, just wait around for a bit.
um, where's trunks-kun? it would be boring to just sit here waiting.
trunks is probably in the gravity room, being put through the wringer by vegeta.
by vesjeta-san?
he says he's just about the right age to be starting full-fledged training,
so he's teaching him some fighting moves.
it appears that he wants to make trunks-kun even stronger than you, gohan-kun.
that's frightening, isn't it?
yo, trunks!
ah, gohan-san! when did you get here?
i just barely arrived.
say, i hear you're getting training from your father.
uh-huh!
good afternoon, vegeta-san. forgive the intrusion.
yeah.
gohan, you've gotten soft.
never mind how peaceful it has become, keep training!
right.
say, what should we do to play?
gohan-kun, it's done!
i just need to press this red switch, right?
right, right.
how nice! mother, make one for me, too!
this looks pretty cool, doesn't it?
doesn't it, though?
good! this is extremely good!
i won't be needing one after all.
okay, thank you very much!
come again! bye-bye!
bye-bye!
home, if you please, kinto un. we're late, so go at full speed.
now i can get by without people suspecting it's me.
you know what? if i can fly to school in my transformed outfit,
i can go anywhere faster, without people knowing who it is.
if you think i'm kidding, kinto un, let's have a race!
here goes!
all right, start!
come on, come on, kinto un! i'm speeding up!
look how far ahead i am already!
no one will realize it's me.
reckless driver spotted!
come on, come on, come on, come on! move it, move it, move it!
floor it! floor it!
i'm already transformed, but anyway...
transform!!
y-you dirty scumbag! you wanna die?!
wh-why, you! where did you come from?!
this reckless driving will not do! you almost ran someone over.
promise me that from now on, you will drive safely through the city!
do what? with that ridiculous outfit on,
what are you talking about, you perverted bastard?!
who do you think you are?
wh-who am l...? yeah... let's see...
what's with this guy?
he's a weirdo.
i know...!
i am... he who loves justice... the great saiyaman!
great... saiyaman...?
you're who?! not only is your outfit corny, your name is corny, too!
th-this guy really is a weirdo! let him have it! let him have it!
stop making fun of me!
i thought as hard as i could thinking up that name!
l-i'm sorry. now that i think about it, that is a very nice name.
from now on, we will drive safely.
goodbye, great saiyaman, was it?
drive safely, drive safely.
right, right.
you understand now, young people of the city?
what is that outfit, gohan?!
mother, don't you like it?
for cryin' out loud, how old do you think you are?!
you're just like your father in that regard.
i'm home, mother. wow! big brother, that looks cool!
you think so, goten?
okay, i'm leaving!
big brother, come home soon.
gohan, don't rush. watch out for airplanes.
right.
that's neat, all right. big brother, you look cool!
don't i? before long, your big brother will ask bulma-san
to make one for you, too, goten.
i'm off!
goten, you can take care of kinto un!
your brother sure seems happy.
he's transformed over and over again since yesterday.
big brother, you look cool!
gohan's younger brother, who looks just like goku, is named goten.
he is goku's second child, who was left behind before the battle with cell.
this is great! i should be able to get there in about twenty minutes like this.
this is great.
now i'll be able to sleep in a little longer.
and, as a result, this new element of energy is extremely complex...
hey, did you know there was a new champion of justice who appeared yesterday?
it wasn't the golden warrior, either.
mm-hmm, i heard, i heard.
they're talking about me.
his outfit is awfully lame, but he's supposed to be pretty strong.
i hear his name is "great tireman."
no, it's not! it's "great saiyaman"!
wh-why would you know something like that?
well, l... heard it from someone who saw him personally.
would it be okay if i continued with the lesson, son gohan-kun?
yes!
yes, this is videl.
there has been a busjacking at the eastern bus terminal!
a group of three robbers has taken over
a senior citizen group's sightseeing bus, and are making ransom demands.
request immediate...
hurry up and bring us the ransom!
otherwise, the old men and women here are dead!
request assistance!
copy! i'll be there at once!
sensei, i'll be back in a bit!
g-good work.
what's going on with videl-san?
videl's pastime is being a champion of justice.
champion of justice?
see? she sure does act like the daughter of mister satan, the man who saved the world.
she's strong, so the police often call on her and stuff.
she is...?
don't sell videl short. her strength is far higher than my own.
in fact, she has enough power to rival even mister satan.
strength to rival mister satan...?
she could be in trouble, if she's the same as mister satan...
hey, you! bathroom!
transform!!
wh-where is this bus terminal?
boss, we're done loading it on.
as you demanded, we have handed over the ransom!
now, release the hostages!
you fools!
get us moving!
don't shoot! you'll hit the hostages!
yahoo!
we've finally gotten underway. i wonder where they're going to take us.
who knows? at any rate, the busjackers do have a great deal of money, so...
yeah, it could be a long trip, huh?
gangster-sen, let me take a souvenir photograph.
look over here.
be quiet! you're a hostage!
ready, "cheese!"
y-you dumb bastard, keep your eyes forward!
dammit!
that's videl-san's heli!
videl-san! go get them!
boss! above us! above us!
what?!
it's that champion of justice, videl-san!
grandma, take a picture! take a picture!
there they are.
she's pretty good.
damn!
go get them, videl-san!
let them have it!
videl-san's knockout blows landed!
one shot, for a souvenir?
the bus...!
it couldn't be...
that was so much fun.
it was a hell of a tour, huh?
knock on wood, knock on wood.
who are you?
i am... he who does not abide evil... the champion of justice...
great saiyaman!
i nailed it! i nailed it good!
that was so uncool.
this is the champion of justice, great saiyaman?
well then, farewell, videl-san.
why does he know my name?!
a new hero is born!
his name, the champion of justice, great saiyaman.
his true identity... won't ever get found out, will it...?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
gohan, concerned that his identity would be revealed
when transformed into a super saiyan,
had bulma make him a transformation device.
i am...
he who loves justice...
the great saiyaman!
that is so uncool.
"gohan's frantic first date!?"
lam... the champion of justice... great saiyaman!
it still doesn't have enough punch, huh? maybe the previous one was better...
big brother, hang in there.
all right... how about this one?
the heavens call... the earth calls... the people call...
they call for me to strike down evil!
do you not see the helmet on my head?
you know i am invincible!
the ultimate hero!
the great saiyaman!
that settles it.
big brother, that's so cool!
gohan, did you come up with a good one?
uh-huh. leave it to me, mother.
still, it's about time you were gettin' to bed.
you'll oversleep tomorrow, and be late for school.
it's okay, it's okay.
waugh! i overslept!
uh-oh. i'm going to be late!
th-that girl saw me transform.
she knows that i am the great saiyaman.
what are you looking so miserable about?
the teacher isn't even here yet.
"richo of rosai was a young, erudite man with a profound love of knowledge,"
whose name had come up for a promotion.
but he was a very self-dependent man,
"who considered himself above being a low-ranking public servant."
okay then, next, son gohan, let's have you read.
son gohan?
i'm screwed. there's absolutely no doubt that girl saw me.
as long as she doesn't tell anyone else...
son gohan!
son gohan-kun, enough! go stand out in the hall.
right.
i've had it.
"even when the nearby mountains and fields had been searched,"
there was no sign of him.
"afterward, there was not a single person who knew what had happened to richo."
okay, next up, angela-kun.
angela-kun...!
angela!
angela-kun, you too?
sensei, i'm so sorry!
u-um... angela-kun...
and so... i... i...
i'll go out and stand.
um...
huh? you're...
wh-what's going on?
um... gohan-san?
u-uh...
my name is angela.
n-nice to meet you.
i know this is sudden, but do you have a girlfriend?
n-no, not exactly...
there is someone, isn't there?
it's true! i knew it, there is someone!
uh, hold on a minute, there.
wh-what to do?
i know your secret.
so you do, after all?
would you take me on a date?
a date?
i knew it! you have a girlfriend!
and here i thought we could keep your secret between just the two of us!
a-all right, understood.
really?
yay! yay! okay then, tomorrow, sunday, let's go right out and have a date!
i'll be waiting for you at 10 o'clock at satan station.
sure enough, that girl knows that i'm great saiyaman.
and to make sure she doesn't reveal my identity,
i have to make sure that i don't hurt her feelings.
but come to think of it, i've never been on a date before.
what should i do?
i'm home!
ah, welcome back.
um, mother, i need to ask you about something awkward.
how did your first date with father go?
huh? oh dear, my boy. what a thing to be askin' me!
let's see... as i recall...
okay, goku-sa, today we're goin' to have a good solid date.
but chichi, i ain't ever had a date before, so i don't know much about them.
oh my goodness, goku-sa! a date has always been the most enjoyable thing
that a boy and a girl can do together.
the most enjoyable thing, huh? i know what you mean.
yes, i mean...
yeah, this is really fun!
goku-sa's right jab from back then is even now engraved upon my heart.
r-really...?
gohan-san!
gohan-san, i'm impressed. you really came, huh?
u-um, so does this mean you won't reveal my secret to anyone?
huh?
i mean, it's not as though... ummm...
huh? a movie?
i'm so happy!
okay, let's go, let's go!
u-uh... er...
all right, hurry up!
ah! gohan-san!
you're not interested in being with me after all, are you? i'm going home!
i'm sorry! it's not like that! it's not like that! it's not like that!
excuse me...! excuse me...! please, excuse me...!
i'm sorry.
i'm really sorry about that.
let's go to a coffee shop!
at a time like this, you should ask the girl how many sugars she wants.
is that right?
how many?
thirteen.
12... 13...
ah! thank you!
you know, gohan-san, you'd never think it, just by looking at you.
i was so surprised when i saw you.
she means the great saiyaman thing.
um, what do you think about it?
i think it's very cute.
cute?
gohan-san, is that what you always wear?
oh, it's just in case something happens.
it is cute, all right!
so, please make sure to keep it a secret from everyone, okay?
uh-huh, i know.
say, let's go to satan tower now.
okay?
fire! fire!
gohan-san!
hey, i heard there are some folks who couldn't get out in time on the roof!
are you serious?
videl-san...
can't you get any closer?
it's no use, videl-san.
i can't do any better, because of the upward currents from the fire!
at this rate, those people will be...!
hey, i can see a large water tank over there!
can we do anything with that?
what do you mean, "do anything"?
i mean, use that water to put out the fire, or something!
even if you open the valve, the water will just drain through the plumbing,
and won't extinguish anything.
however, there is a valve which isn't hooked up.
if i open it, the water will come out, right?
yes, and it will flood the roof,
but i doubt it will put out the fire within the building.
that should at least buy us a little time.
videl-san, you can't mean it!
it's all or nothing!
videl-san!
here it is.
hot!
gohan-san, where are you going?
i have to save the people on the roof!
but gohan-san, you going up there won't help anything, will it?
huh? what are you talking about?
it's times like this when a champion ofjustice is needed!
hey, you! watch out!
gohan-san...
it won't open...!
w-we're done for!
the great saiyaman appears!
now then, make way.
all right...
w-we' re saved!
and just then, he appeared.
son gohan-kun'.!
what are you doing here?
er, nothing special.
are you sure you're not hiding anything?
n-not at all...!
angela-sen...
gohan-san, how awful!
you do have a girlfriend after all, don't you?!
videl-san is your girlfriend, isn't she, gohan-san?
that's why you paid no mind to the danger and rushed into the fire!
well, videl-san, do you know about that thing?
that thing?
anything but that!
the truth about gohan-san is...
the truth about gohan-san is...
he wears teddy-bear underpants.
teddy-bear?
underpants?
that's right. i saw it myself the other day.
i saw it myself, just the other day.
how cute...!
it was a teddy-bear!
and that's my secret?
that's right.
then, you didn't see anything on the rooftop yesterday?
what do you mean? i didn't have my contacts in then,
so i could only see things close by. did something happen?
teddy-bear underpants?
so that's the kind of taste you have, is it?
well... those are what my mother bought me by mistake,
and as it happened, all my others were in the laundry...
i won't have anything more to do with you, gohan-san!
i suppose i really ought to apologize to angela-sen...
i've liked you for a very long time.
i'll be waiting for you next sunday in front of satan city station.
the great saiyaman's identity had not been revealed.
however, has videl become aware of something?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
gohan-san, i'm impressed. you really came, huh?
i mean, it's not as though... ummm...
huh? a movie?
i'm so happy!
okay, let's go, let's go!
u-uh... er...
gohan-san!
the great saiyaman appears!
all right...
the great saiyaman, a justice-loving new hero...
his activities have become the subject of rumors in satan city.
and, taking an interest in the true identity of great saiyaman,
was son gohan's classmate and mister satan's daughter, videl.
"gohan, scramble! save videl!!"
i'm off!
big brother!
big brother, come back soon!
goten, you've gotten good at riding kinto un, huh?
big brother, you're looking cool, too.
okay then, off i go!
bye-bye.
this is a big help.
thanks to this transformation device, i don't have to worry about being late.
isn't that...?
great saiyaman...?
it's videl-san. i can't go to school like this.
i've got no other choice...
you think you're getting away?
what do you think you're doing, videl-san?
chasing after me like i'm some villain...!
today's the day when i find out who you are!
aw... i've gotten pretty far away from school while she was chasing me... hey, it's great saiyaman.
if i don't hurry, i'm going to be late.
morning.
good morning, videl-san! way to figure out where i am.
with that garish outfit of yours, i could tell right away.
say, just who exactly are you?
w-well... like i said before...
lam he who does not abide evil, the champion of justice,
great saiyaman!
stop yanking me around.
n-no, i'm not yanking anything...
you may look nerdy, but you can fly, and your strength is something else.
it's hard to believe that you're just a regular person.
if we're going to live normally among regular people,
it won't help if they find out how strong we are.
so it's a secret, no matter what?
yes, no matter what.
saying so makes me want to know who you are that much more.
hold on a second, you!
i'm sorry about this.
what are you doing?! what do you mean by this?!
forgive me, but i'll just leave this here.
okay then, see you later... er, i mean, farewell!
i'm going to find out who you are for sure!
sensei, i'm sorry i'm late.
oh, videl-kun, that's okay.
your position is a very busy one, after all.
now then, hurry up and take your seat.
right.
was there some kind of incident this early in the morning?
mm-hmm, i guess you'd say.
well, you can't help it, videl,
but it's unusual for gohan to be tardy as well, huh?
huh? gohan-kun, too?
he just barely got here.
ah, yeah, i just overslept a little bit.
come to think of it,
it seemed like the great saiyaman was heading toward the school...
uncanny...
today, thanks to the actions of the great saiyaman, precious lives were saved.
indeed, great saiyaman is the new hero of satan city.
hmph. how is he a champion of justice?
compared to me, satan-same, he's still on a small scale.
yeah, yeah, yeah, you know?
come on, come on, what's the problem?!
chief, the cops in satan city are nothing special.
yeah. if the boss was to come here, there's nothing they could do about it.
how about we inform the boss right away?
hey, misters, you can't go around driving recklessly!
who are you?
chief, it's a high-schooler.
you're pretty sassy for a kid.
you mess with the red shark gang, who are bad enough to silence crying children,
and you're gonna pay for it!
gohan-kun'.!
you shouldn't use force.
shut up!
i guess i've got no choice now...
videl-san...!
now you've done it!
chief!
th-that's...!
dammit! we won't forget this!
gohan-kun'.!
are you okay?
stupid jerk!
yeah, nothing wrong with me.
but it looked like you took that incredible punch square-on...
oh, that? apparently, the guy didn't have all that much power.
i'm sorry. i just looked on, thinking that if you were the great saiyaman,
you should be able to take care of them easily, gohan-kun.
huh? me?
it was my misunderstanding.
if i had been a little later, you could have been terribly hurt.
but i'm really glad that you weren't injured.
s-sure!
that was close, that was close!
i came this close to revealing myself to videl-san!
chief, that girl is mister satan's daughter.
the stories about her being pretty strong are true, huh?
it's true, that girl's kick did hurt,
but as for my hand, which hit that kid...
cripes, it feels like i cracked my bones!
damn, that bastard had one hard mug!
and so then, we went to the same store we always go to,
and when we got there, those boys...
yes, this is videl.
bad news! a band calling themselves the shark gang
has taken the mayor of satan city hostage!
you guys bring mister satan here, fast!
otherwise, the mayor is dead!
wh-what on earth do you guys want with mister satan?
our boss is here to challenge him to a duel.
what? a duel?
mister satan, i don't care if you are a hero who saved the earth,
you can't go swaggering around forever.
i, rock-same, am going to kill you!
and then, boss,
this city will belong to us, the red shark gang, right?
i think i'll change its name to rock city, too.
what do you think, mayor?
unless you want to watch your mayor get killed, bring satan here immediately!
where is mister satan?
we've been trying to contact him for some time now,
but he appears to be out, and we can't reach him.
for crying out loud, you get famous, and hotheaded guys like these show up.
i'd like to get out there right now and knock them flat, but they've got firearms.
it is my duty as a hero to avoid this kind of danger.
i hate to say it, but all i can do is wait this one out.
if you dawdle around, we'll kill you all, too!
sensei, i'll be back in a jiffy.
thank you for your efforts. be careful, okay?
sensei...
yes?
e-excuse me, but could i go to the restroom?
again?
son-kun, you've said that many times before,
and never come back, haven't you?
i don't care if your grades are excellent, i will not allow it today.
poor gohan-kun.
he's here, is he?
you guys let the mayor go!
boss, that's mister satan's daughter.
she looks pretty capable, huh?
but i have no business with his daughter.
i'm here to defeat mister satan.
every once in a while, there are guys like you that show up,
wanting to beat papa and make a name for themselves.
but papa is busy, so in cases like this, i'm the one who takes them on.
what?
it's true. videl-san is so strong, she rivals even mister satan.
oh, so you're saying that if i defeat this girl,
it's as if i had defeated mister satan himself?
very well! if you say so, then that's another story.
still, for being mister satan's daughter, you're pretty cute, aren't you?
but i'm not going to hold back.
you appear to be a little stronger than everyone else up to now.
i'm going to shred that cute little face of yours!
her opponent's ki is incredible. videl-san is in danger!
but how do i get out of this classroom?
"sister poet dear, brother poet, too..."
wanna be with you, 'cause i need to spend my body.
"i'm a music makin' man, and no peace can be released in life..."
what to do? isn't there some clever way out of this?
"like this amplifier can."
your boy is doin' fine.
and the energy you gave him keeps me cryin' to the wind...
'cause i sing a natural rhythm, play a magnetic chord...
"the summer sun is high in the sky, and love that's in everyone's eye..."
ah! an earthquake!
everyone, take shelter under your desks!
now!
transform!!
you're pretty good, aren't you?
videl-san!
how cowardly of you!
who are you?
my name is...
he who does not abide evil...
the champion of justice...
they call me...
great saiyaman!
videl-san, that's my line.
hold on, you! this is my job, so stay out of my way!
nobody ever called you!
y-you don't mean...?
wh-what are they doing?
it's all right, just go someplace else!
y-you sure are stern, videl-san.
shut up!
hey, dispose of that weird bastard, too!
why, you...!
are you okay, mayor?
th-thanks.
you wench!
videl-san!
maybe i was wrong to worry. she's got extraordinary strength.
all right, come on, get in!
okay then, videl-san...
wait!
thanks.
n-not at all.
now i want to know your true identity even more.
i'm sure to discover it before long.
well, good luck.
huh? gohan-kun did?
right after you left, there was that earthquake commotion,
and during that, he disappeared.
he came back just a little before you did, videl.
i knew it! gohan-kun!
huh?
he was right behind us a second ago...
good grief, he's a master of escape!
today, because of the great saiyaman's actions, evil has been defeated.
however, gohan is thinking that no matter how invincible a hero may be,
there are still opponents who are hard to deal with.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
gohan-kun'.!
videl-san...!
how cowardly of you!
as of now, there is a new hero in satan city-the great saiyaman!
satan's daughter, videl,
had suspicions about the great saiyaman's true identity being son gohan.
"a case of robbery!! the culprit is saiyaman!?"
where could chibi have gone?
when we came to check on him two days ago, he was here, big brother.
he just barely hatched from his egg, so he shouldn't be able to fly just yet...
come to think of it, i don't see the toto couple, either.
all right, why don't we go look around a little more?
no matter how many times i watch it, it's still terrific, if i do say so myself.
videl, if your goal is to be a great champion like your papa,
you'll have to train even more.
the tenkaichi tournament, huh? what fun.
but papa, the champion before you was said to be pretty strong, too.
oh, that son goku fellow?
he's a peculiar man, who used nonsensical tricks.
however, when it comes to actual power, he can't hold a candle to me.
if we had fought at the last tournament,
there's no doubt that your papa would have beaten him.
son... son goku...?
goten, you didn't find him?
i wonder if something happened.
at a circus show, which opened today, a baby monster is drawing smiles.
this rare baby was caught by the promoter, mr. musuka, just the other day,
and is as eager to please the spectators as they are thrilled to see it.
ah! it's chibi!
tomorrow, on sunday,
there will likely be even greater numbers of people crowding in to see it.
what does he mean, eager to please? he's frightened!
he must have been snatched away while the toto couple wasn't around.
they wouldn't have kept quiet about it otherwise.
i feel bad for chibi, big brother.
don't worry about it, goten. let big brother take care of it.
this must be it.
chibi! poor thing... i'll make sure i rescue you.
um...
mister, are you the one in the highest position at this circus?
what do you want?
please put chibi back up in the mountains, if you wouldn't mind.
don't be absurd. we're doing shows in metro north next.
this thing is something i went to a lot of trouble to find.
i intend to have it make me a bundle from here on.
make you money?
for you to not only kidnap chibi,
but to also use him to make money is just too cruel!
you shut up! i'm the one who caught it!
i can do whatever i want with it!
dammit, who are you to get in the way of me making money?
i'll have to wait until nightfall.
chibi must want to hurry back to where his mother and father are.
and i'm sure the totos are worried about chibi, too.
hold on a minute!
what if the totos are even now looking for their missing chibi?
if that's the case, then this could become terrible!
you behave yourself.
chibi, don't worry, it's me. it's gohan.
you're all right now.
come on, let's go back where your parents are.
all righty...
who are you?!
i am a champion of justice!
you sneak thief!
it's not like that!
it's dangerous to be swinging something like this around!
wh-what kind of guy are you?!
okay, let's go.
one... two... three...
b-bad news! musuka-san, the monster has been taken!
wh-what?!
h-hey, what's the matter? don't give me such a hard time!
can it be that you're afraid to fly?
i guess we'll have to run away on foot, then.
you're still a baby, so what else can we do?
but someday, you'll have to start flying by yourself, chibi.
that's the culprit! arrest him!
even if he is the great saiyaman, he won't get away with this!
return the baby monster peacefully!
i can't do that!
all right, now!
if we don't get out of the city soon...
hold it there, great saiyaman!
it stuns me that a champion of justice would act like a thief,
great saiyaman!
you're calling me a thief?
videl-san, please understand. this fellow is still a baby.
it's best that he be taken back to his parents.
otherwise, something terrible will happen!
hand over the monster quietly.
if you insist on refusing, then i'll take the monster back from you by force.
you never know, you could lose, and have that mask removed,
great saiyaman.
what are you waiting around for?!
arresting thieves is the police's job, isn't it?!
it's okay. we can leave this up to videl-san.
who is that girl?
that's mister satan's daughter, videl-san.
the daughter of the world's strongest man, mister satan?
of all the times for videl-san to be around...!
what do i do?
please stop this, videl-san!
have you lost your nerve?
or if you're just underestimating me because i'm a girl,
i'll show you how greatly mistaken you are!
i do want to know your true identity,
but i'm also interested in just how strong you are.
this is the perfect opportunity. you don't need to restrain yourself.
that's nice of you to say, but...
i'm not going to hold back against you!
h-h-hold on...
i should have expected as much from you, videl-san.
if nothing else, you're far stronger than mister satan.
f-forgive me.
what are you apologizing for?!
now's my chance!
why, you... defy me, will you?
chibi! never mind him, worry about yourself, great saiyaman!
it's not like that!
it's not like what?
if i don't get chibi back home soon, something awful could happen to the city!
it's the truth, videl-san!
it's no use trying to run away from me with a story like that!
please understand, videl-san!
that's it. that's more like it. otherwise, it wouldn't be any fun.
how on earth do i get her to understand?
chibi...!
be quiet, you miserable freak!
th-that's done it...
m-monsters!
f-fire!
stop! the toto couple is only here to get their baby back!
videl-san, i'm begging you, take chibi away!
as long as we give them their chibi back, the toto couple should calm down!
y-yeah...
come on, hurry! otherwise, something terrible will happen!
a-all right.
don't shoot!
settle down, totos!
here, we're giving chibi back to you, so stop being so angry!
you're friends with those monsters?!
yeah. we've played together since i was little.
even though they're worked up right now, they really are gentle creatures.
although i'm transformed, they should know that it's me.
toto! it's me! have you forgotten?! it's me, goha...
i-i mean...
you weren't by any chance about to say "gohan," were you?
videl-san, get out of the way!
no way! you're son gohan-kun after all, aren't you?
well? i'm not letting go until i make sure of it!
what are you talking about, at a time like this?!
toto!
wh-what are you doing?!
i'm not about to let you take away my precious moneymaker!
i'll blow you away!
don't!
watch out, videl-san!
toto, forgive me!
don't worry, chibi. your father is just knocked out.
great saiyaman...
videl-san, i'll ask you to handle everything else here. bye!
how nice for you, chibi! you're not afraid to fly with your mother, huh?
gosh, you sure are good-humored.
dammit! next time, i'll catch all of you!
you do that, and i'll definitely see that you pay for it.
you've picked the wrong opponent now. you should probably give it up.
hey! thank goodness you're all safe!
big brother, thank you!
oh, no, i'm late!
morning, son gohan-kun.
ah, videl-san, good morning.
thanks for yesterday.
not at all. i'm glad you weren't hurt, videl-san.
you can't hide it any longer.
the true identity of the great saiyaman...
is you, son gohan-kun!
o-oh, crap! and i was so perfectly disguised, too...
i thought your voice and the way you talked was suspicious.
be that as it may, why did you go to all the trouble of wearing that strange outfit?
well, i... if i'm to get along together with all my friends,
it would be bad if they found out how strong i am.
which is why...
friends?
uh, well, you know...
hey, you're the golden warrior too, aren't you?
ah, no, that's someone else!
are you sure about that?
it's the truth!
that part at least absolutely can't get out.
well, okay then.
videl-san, would you keep this a secret from everyone else?
sure, depending on how the situation develops.
oh, and son gohan-kun, you're going to enter the tenkaichi tournament
that's taking place in another month, right?
huh? the tenkaichi tournament?
right. it's a tournament to determine the champion of combat sportsman.
they're holding it again after a long break.
my papa was the champion at the last one.
and before that, it was a mysterious man named son goku,
although i don't know his face.
same last name as you. it's not very common these days
to have your name divided into first and last.
i think this man son goku might be your papa. am i right?
u-uh, well...
this girl is pretty sharp, huh?
i knew it.
of course you'll be entering the tenkaichi tournament.
if the last champion's daughter and the previous champion's son end up fighting,
i think that would have to be interesting.
if you can knock out a monster with just one blow, i'm sure you'll do fine.
n-no, i'm going to pass.
i'm not very interested in that sort of thing.
if you don't enter, i'll let everyone know
that son gohan-kun is the great saiyaman's true identity!
y-you wouldn't!
what's the matter?
you can enter as the great saiyaman, and no one will know.
y-yeah, but...
you want to be exposed?
all right, i'll enter.
hurray! then it's settled! everyone else seems weak,
and i wanted an opponent that would be challenging.
now i've had it. things have been turned upside-down.
ah, and son gohan-kun...
was there something else? say, teach me how to fly, okay?
it's not fair, you being the only one who can fly.
okay, videl-san.
see you later. i'm looking forward to this, son gohan-kun.
i'm no match for videl-san.
one predicament follows another,
and gohan is utterly at a loss as to how to deal with videl.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
with videl's help, the great saiyaman rescued a baby monster from musuka.
don't worry, chibi. your father is just knocked out.
you can't hide it any longer. the true identity of the great saiyaman...
is you, son gohan-kun!
at last, videl had seen through to the true identity of the great saiyaman... gohan!
he was then pressured into entering the tenkaichi tournament.
"goku returning to life!? entry into the tenkaichi tournament!!"
and so, the airplane that was experiencing engine trouble
safely landed at satan airport.
today, once again, the great saiyaman has saved many precious lives.
great saiyaman, can we have a statement?
please! please!
saiyaman-san, what do you think about the fuss being made
about you being the hero to succeed mister satan?
any thoughts concerning your exploits?
please, any statement at all!
i guess i have no choice, huh?
from thievery to killing to hijacking, from small things to big things,
if it is evil, i cannot let it stand!
knight of love and justice, the great saiyaman!
that's who i am!
that's just too nerdy.
you're participating in the upcoming tenkaichi tournament, huh?
yes.
so, what made you decide to enter?
well, actually, one of my classmates is mister satan-san's daughter...
huh? mister satan?
mister satan is that guy who was skittering about
during the fight with cell, right?
the combat sports world champion?
wow, so his daughter is one of your classmates.
yeah, but even so, she's a pretty good girl.
like me, she's the type that can't leave bad guys alone.
but my transformation was exposed by her, because of my voice and scars.
and so, she said that if i don't enter the tenkaichi tournament,
she would reveal my true identity.
that really is unsightly, gohan-san. you don't need to wear that thing.
you're kind of clumsy when it comes to that sort of thing, huh?
you may appear to be flying straight,
but you've still got that blood you've inherited from your father.
so, now what?
do you want me to refit the helmet so it changes your voice?
no, it's not that. apparently, you can't wear helmets, protectors,
or that sort of equipment at the tenkaichi tournament.
so i was wondering if there was something that could take the place of this helmet.
so you're saying that you can't wear anything
that would greatly decrease any damage done?
that's no big deal, right?
in short, so long as no one finds out that it's you, gohan-kun,
that's all you need, right?
i wonder if she means some new helmet.
indeed! i just needed to do something as simple as this!
what do you think, trunks-kun? pretty cool, huh?
no comment.
i'm glad i didn't ask her to make me one.
then again, no matter how much you hold back,
it's going to be dull, knowing that you're a shoe-in to win, huh?
i wouldn't be too sure of that.
this whatever-you-called-it tournament... if you're entering, then i am too.
back then, there was a huge difference between our powers.
but what about now?
while you've been jubilating over your peacetime,
i've been continuing my training.
yeah. this guy doesn't do a lick of work.
just like your father.
i wonder, don't saiyans ever work?
awesome! father and gohan-san are going to fight?!
i'm entering, too!
gohan!
f-father...? that's father's voice!
son-kun'?
kakarrot...?
father! it's you, isn't it?
that's right. it's been a long time, huh everyone?
have you been well, father?
who is it?
yeah. well, if you can call this doing well, then i guess so.
i am dead, and all.
really?! you're really going to be able to come to the tenkaichi tournament?!
yeah! if i ask uranai baba, i can come back for one day.
i'm going to make that day, the day of the tenkaichi tournament.
gohan and vegeta, you're entering, right?
i'm entering too!
hooray! banzai!
who is it?
i'll be looking forward to this, kakarrot.
come prepared. i've improved considerably.
so have i, vegeta. bye now. i'll see you at the tenkaichi tournament.
great! this is starting to get interesting!
great news, huh gohan-kun?
you'll have to hurry and tell your mother, goten-kun,
and kuririn and the others.
right!
so, who was that?
that's right! vegeta-san, you'll have to wear a costume like this,
so your identity doesn't get revealed.
y-you expect me to wear that?!
i don't particularly care if anyone does find out!
okay, see you at the tenkaichi tournament!
i'm on my way to go tell everyone else!
tell everyone i said hello!
bye-bye!
i wonder whose voice that was earlier.
father is coming back! he's coming back!
i'll be able to see him after all this time!
wh-whuzzat?
hold it!
who cares? let her have it!
get her! get her! get her!
stop!
look, misters, you can't go around doing bad things.
yow-ow-ow-ow-ow...
wh-who are you?
liberator of those who are captive...
helper of the weak and router of evil...
the warrior of justice... great saiya...
yow-ow-ow-ow!
hey, you! what did you do that for?! everything was going so well!
that take was academy award-winning material!
cut! cut! cut!
you there! we can't have you just jumping in front of the camera like that!
you mean... me?
of course i do! who else could i mean?!
for crying out loud, you're not even a child,
and yet you're running around pretending to be the great saiyaman?!
pretending?
we've got no choice! let's take it from the top!
right.
what if we speed the timing up just a little bit this time?
wh-wh-what?
scene 153! great saiyaman's flying action!
ah, this is a surprise.
i never expected that they'd be shooting a great saiyaman movie.
(ready ).!
no!!
l-i can't do this! let me down! i'm afraid of heights!
wh-what do we do, director?
wh-what do we do? we're already behind schedule as it is.
we've got to finish shooting this scene today, no matter what!
what a pathetic great saiyaman!
what?
i mean, i was just thinking, if the real great saiyaman were to see this,
that's probably what he'd say.
that's it...!
director, if we were to use him...
what? him?
we won't have to go to any trouble dressing him up, for one thing.
wh-who would have ever thought things would turn out like this?
okay then, we're going with the posturing scene!
are you ready to pose?!
y-yes!
scene 312, ready...!
from thievery to killing to hijacking, if it is evil, i cannot let it stand!
cut!
no, no, no, no, no, no! there's no way a hero of justice
would strike such embarrassing poses, is there?!
but...
let's do this once again!
warrior of love, justice, and freedom, great...
cut!
once again!
helper of the weak, router of evil...!
no!
shrieks call out to me...!
no, no, no!
officially sanctioned helmet wearer...!
no!
hater of sins, not of sinners...!
no!
the g in "great" stands for "good"...!
stop it! stop it! stop it!
i can't take this anymore! you are nothing at all like the great saiyaman!
b-but this is really how...
shut up! criminy, forget the transformation scene,
set ready to do your flying!
r-right!
oh, no! is it already this late?!
i have to go tell everyone about father.
all right, pause! now, fly from there!
what are you so nervous about?! there's no danger!
fly yourself all-out from there! ready?!
yes!
all right, fly now!
i have to hurry this up a little.
great, great! that's the way!
all right, cut, cut!
i'm out of time now, so you'll have to excuse me!
y-you don't suppose that was the real...
g-great saiyaman...?
goku, too?! really?!
this is kuririn-san, who gave up fighting,
and also stopped shaving his head.
it's been a long time since we've seen goku, huh?
the tenkaichi tournament, eh? maybe i'll enter, too.
let's enter together!
but then, if goku and vegeta are entering, there's no way i can win.
besides, what would my wife say?
there, there.
you really ought to enter!
i hear that there are prizes all the way to fifth place!
how much prize money will there be?
let's see...
first place is ten million zeni, second place is five million,
third place is three million, fourth place is two million, and fifth place is one million.
enter yourself, kuririn! i'm coming too!
one million zeni! one million zeni!
right? enter, kuririn!
daddy, enter, enter!
y-you're right. i guess i will enter!
i wonder if i should.
hey, don't tell piccolo.
the chances of me getting as far as fifth place will be lower if you do.
oh, i couldn't do that.
by the way, what are you wearing that ridiculous, geeky outfit for?
what are you saying?! this is cool!
kuririn-san, your fashion sense has grown dull.
bye!
is that so? that does indeed sound interesting.
doesn't it?
all right, i think i'll enter.
oh, good luck. popo cheer for you.
dende, what about you?
no, i'm not entering.
i'm not the fighting type of namekian, after all.
by the way, gohan, what the hell is with that strange getup?
not you too, piccolo-sen! don't you think this is cool?
l-i can't tell.
popo either.
i don't know where tenshinhan-san and company are...
and i think bulma-san will contact yamucha-san...
all that leaves is mother and goten.
i'll bet that mother will be thrilled that father is coming back for one day!
and this will be the first time goten ever sees his father, huh?
still, i wonder if mother will allow me
to participate in the tenkaichi tournament.
for my part, as long as i'm going to enter, i'd like to win.
for that to happen, i think i'll be in trouble
unless i take a break from school and train hard, since i've gotten so soft.
goku-sa's comin' back from the next world for the tenkaichi tournament?!
why didn't you tell me this big surprise sooner?!
terrific!
goten! you'll be able to see your pa for one day!
this is too much! i'm the only one who's gotten older.
you don't get any older in the next world, right?
i should have gone to a beauty salon!
ah, how many years has it been? seven years, is it?
ah, this is too much!
really, he's comin' home, huh?
um, mother, i wonder if i could enter as well... the tenkaichi tournament?
i'll get myself all gussied up... eh?
l-if i win, we can get ten million zeni. five million for second place.
t-ten million zeni?!
enter yourself, gohan-chan! together with goku-sa,
you two could get 15 million zeni in prize money!
n-not exactly, it's still not definite that we would win.
no way! it's a sure thing that one of you will win!
b-but for me to do this, i'd like to take a short break from school to train...
who cares?! train! you can always make it up later!
wow, this is a blessin' from heaven! pa's fortune is runnin' out,
and i was worryin' about what we were goin' to do!
goten, will you help big brother out in his training starting tomorrow?
uh-huh.
i think for now, i'll turn super saiyan.
all right, shall we get started?
due to unexpected circumstances,
gohan has come to enter the tenkaichi tournament.
having established that his long-time friends will participate as well,
his spirits have been lifted.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
gohan! i'm entering, too!
father!
it's been a long time, huh everyone?
y-you're really going to be at the tenkaichi tournament?!
what's this? goku is coming back from the next world for one day
in order to participate in the tenkaichi tournament!
goku, too?!
it's been a long time since we've seen goku, huh?
at the kame house, kuririn and no. 18, who had distanced themselves from fighting,
and were living in peace and quiet, decided to enter the tournament as well.
vegeta and piccolo, who heard the news from gohan,
had their fighting spirits unusually fired up over the matches,
after going so long without fighting.
goten! this is terrific!
you'll be able to see your pa for one day!
roughly one month remained before the tournament.
gohan had at last plunged himself into a period of training.
all right, shall we get started?
"even gohan is surprised! goten's explosion of power."
what an incredible ki! he's been at it since yesterday,
and instead of growing weaker, he's getting stronger and stronger.
it must be because goku-san will be participating in the tenkaichi tournament.
j-j-just a minute!
hang on! you're going too fast! i haven't even done any warming up here!
i'm going to go even harder!
oh! working up a sweat so early in the morning, huh? way to go!
thank you for the meal. thank you for the meal.
okay, goten, let's head out!
uh-huh!
we' re off! we' re off!
goten!
don't get in the way of your brother's trainin'. understand?
after all, we need to have your brother do well at the tenkaichi tournament,
and make sure he gets plenty of prize money.
we're hittin' the bottom of pa's fortune already.
i won't be in the way.
really? in that case, okay.
goten, what are you doing?! hurry up, or you'll be left behind!
wait up!
be careful, goten!
goten! where are you?!
maybe i ran a little too fast for him.
that tickles! cut it out! cut it out, i say!
big brother! it's a dinosaur! he's a friend of mine!
come on, stop it, i tell you!
what's the use?
come to think of it, mother always said that his innocence was just like father's.
hey! big brother's going on ahead and starting his training, okay?
what?!
send goku back, you say?
you already gave him your permission, uranai baba?
i certainly have. there's no particular reason why i should turn him down.
n-no reason, you say? it's going to be difficult to accommodate this, though...
goku has been bored, not being able to undergo the grand kaio's training.
that's when the news of the tenkaichi tournament being held came along.
oh, for crying out loud...
if you're going to complain,
then how about giving goku his training right now?
t-t-training?
w-well, i, uh... i do have my own circumstances to consider, and all...
well, if goku says he wants to go back on that day, that should be all right.
big brother! big brother!
wow, isn't this cute?
wh-what is it?
see? it's a bug.
y-yeah...
big brother! big brother!
see? i found a lizard!
look, what are you doing, goten?! we didn't come here to play!
why don't you do some training, too, by doing some pushups or something?
you're distracting me so i can't concentrate, you know!
for crying out loud!
big brother! big brother!
geez! now what is it, goten?!
brother! i caught an amazing dinosaur!
watch out!
are you all right, goten?
oh, he surprised me.
for heaven's sake, what are you doing? that was dangerous!
don't you do anything else! just sit there and do nothing!
okay. understood, big brother.
goten!
could you help big brother out in his training?
uh-huh!
that should do it.
what are we going to do with all these stones, big brother?
we're going to use them in my training to get back my sense of reflex.
what's a sense of reflex, big brother?
you're going to find out right now.
goten, stand behind this line, and throw those stones at big brother
as hard as you can. do it like you mean business.
mm-hmm, understood.
all right, ready, goten! throw them!
it's okay to throw them from this close?
actually, you can throw them from even closer,
but we'll do it from there at first.
you're sure it's okay? you won't get hurt?
i'll be fine. just throw as hard as you can!
okay, here goes, big brother.
all right, come on!
ready, set...
go'.!
you were right!
incredible! that's my big brother for you!
okay, i'm going to start throwing more and more.
j-just-hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on...!
maybe i should have you throw from this line, after all, okay goten?
yeah, okay, big brother.
all right, i'm getting comfortable with this.
goten, you can start coming closer!
you can come even closer!
wh-what's the matter, goten?
say, is it okay if i become like you, big brother?
what do you mean, like big brother?
i want to turn into that super saiyan thing.
sure, you can turn, but i think that it might still be a bit too much to ask of you, goten.
turning into a super saiyan comes after doing the proper training.
that's right, after you've overcome harsh, painful training is when you'll first...
g-goten... s-since when have you been able to...?
i forget.
u-unbelievable.
big brother and our late father had to struggle fairly hard to become super saiyans.
say, goten, how would you like to spar with big brother?
do you know what that is... sparring?
mm-hmm! mother used to teach me a lot when big brother was studying.
mother did?
perhaps mother has changed a little since father passed away.
she did say it was okay if i took a break from school to train, too.
say, goten...
does mother know that you can turn super saiyan, goten?
come on, goten! your late pa would laugh at you for doin' just this!
yow-ow-ow-ow...!
mother! i'm sorry!
mother...
now even goten-chan has turned delinquent!
i showed her once, and she got mad at me.
she said i looked like a delinquent, so i couldn't do it any more.
mother hates us being super saiyan, after all!
all right, that's the way, goten. come on!
ah, no fair, big brother!
it's no fair for you to fly!
how come?
how come? playing no fair is no fair!
what is it with you?
you can't possibly not be able to fly, can you?
even though you can turn super saiyan?
no, i can't fly!
then you've done things all out of order, huh?
big brother, if you're thinking of flying,
then you have to teach me how to do it too, or it isn't fair!
you got it, you got it! don't get so upset, goten!
i'll teach you how to fly!
r-really?!
yeah!
wow! yahoo! that's great!
l-is that... don't tell me...
v-videl-san...!
th-that's right! videl-san asked me to teach her how to fly!
big brother, what's the matter?
nothing, it just looks like you're going to have another pal, goten.
another pal?
listen, goten, there's going to be a girl
from the same school that big brother goes to coming here.
we can't let this girl see how strong we are.
and we especially can't turn super saiyan, no matter what.
ah, i get it. it's because she'll think we're delinquents, right?
w-well, close enough, i guess.
come on, let's hurry home!
you know, big brother, you're amazing. i didn't hit you once!
i've still got a long way to go, huh?
even so, goten, you've got an incredible gift for fighting.
you surprised me! big brother didn't know you were that good!
if you train really hard, maybe you can enter the tenkaichi tournament, too!
really? then again, trunks-kun is even more amazing than me.
when we play-fight against each other, i'm no match for him!
is that right? so you guys play together like that?
uh-huh! it's lots of fun!
if i don't watch out, the little squirts are going to pass right by me.
now listen, answer me truthfully.
you're sayin' there's no way you came to invite gohan-chan on a date, right?
i told you i didn't, didn't i?
h-hey!
mother, we're home!
welcome back.
videl-san, i'm surprised you found this place.
it was easy, if you look at the class rolls.
ah, i see.
never mind that, what's the meaning of this?
submitting a notice of absence from school like that...
you promised me you would teach me how to fly, right?
u-uh, of course i'll teach you.
gohan-chan...
is it true that this girl is enterin' the tenkaichi tournament, too?
l-it's true, mother. it was from videl-san here
that i heard about the tenkaichi tournament in the first place.
in that case, all right.
now don't you go doin' nothin' lewd to gohan and tellin' him it's out of thanks!
there's no way i would do that sort of thing!
you!
you're not, by any chance,
thinkin' of enterin' the tenkaichi tournament together...
as an excuse to get married to gohan-chan, are you?!
no, i'm not thinking that!
and why would i go to the tenkaichi tournament to get married in the first place?!
well, after all, my mother and father got married at the tenkaichi tournament.
oh, dear! goten-chan, how utterly embarrassin'!
wh-what a weirdo...
the tenkaichi tournament where i fought goku-sa...
and then our marriage...
they're all such good memories.
but even so...!
when it comes to you and gohan-chan, that's another story!
i told you, such a thing happening isn't possible!
geez, stop saying such foolish things!
what?!
only one month remains until the tenkaichi tournament.
are you sure you should be keeping company with videl, gohan?
it doesn't look like we'll be able to train in peace for a while like this, huh?
then again, as for goten...
for his small size, goten is sitting on an incredible amount of latent ability.
i really shouldn't be letting myself slide like i have been.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
one month remains until gohan, vegeta, piccolo, mister satan,
videl, and even goku, in the next world, will be competing in the tenkaichi tournament.
say, is it okay if i become like you, big brother?
that super saiyan thing?
goten's talents were astonishing. even gohan was unable to contain him.
big brother, if you're thinking of flying,
then you have to teach me how to do it too, or it isn't fair!
you got it, you got it! don't get so upset, goten!
i'll teach you how to fly!
wow! all right!
and then videl dropped by uninvited...
you promised me you would teach me how to fly, right?
u-uh, of course i'll teach you.
gohan's special training in bukujutsu has begun.
"ah, you're flying!! videl's introduction to bukujutsu."
okay, i'm going to teach you two bukujutsu,
which is to say, how to fly through the air.
this only requires you to control your ki, so it is not all that difficult.
now, if you're thinking of flying at faster speeds,
then yes, it does become comparably more challenging.
ki control? say, what's this kl'?
what's ki...?
i get it, you guys must call it something different where you're from.
see, there's this hidden energy or power or whatever you want to call it inside your body.
huh? what do you mean, hidden power?
what should i do here? how should i explain this...?
he means this.
right, right, right, that kind of power.
i see...
what do you guys call this kind of power?
"a trick," i suppose.
trick? this is something completely different from a trick.
there's nothing even to set up.
well, to be frank with you, i don't know anything about this magic-like power!
you don't know about ki? that's going to be problematic...
listen, are you saying that if you don't have ki, you can't fly?
it's okay, it's okay, everyone has ki.
controlling it is difficult, though...
honest?
honest!
goten, could you wait a little bit on bukujutsu?
first, i have to teach videl-san how to control her ki.
we'll do it after that.
are you sure you're not asking too much?
she doesn't even know what "ki" means.
i-i'll learn!
it's okay, just go off and play somewhere.
okay! i'll go play!
hurry up and teach me how to fly, okay?
yeah!
ready? be still, and relax...
slowly, draw out the power within you.
you see?
(okay, you t")! it-
let's see...
be still, and relax...
no, no, don't force it. unless you're relaxed, you can't draw out your ki.
you have to concentrate.
i humbly accept this meal. i humbly accept this meal!
thank you for letting me have lunch.
got no choice. i can't very well let you go without eatin' all by yourself.
this is delicious.
much more delicious than what our own cook makes.
cook? what, do you work as a chef or somethin'?
no, i mean the cook that we employ at our house.
you hire a cook?! you're not, by any chance, rich, are you?!
how many rooms do you have in your house?! 10?! 20?!
how many are there, i wonder...
around 50, maybe?
50?! you're stinkin' rich, aren't you?!
this really is delicious.
when are you two gettin' married?!
big brother, are you and videl-san getting married?
n-no! no! no! no! no, i tell you!
yes, yes! that's the way!
you did it! that's your ki! you practice the martial arts,
so sure enough, you got the hang of it quickly, videl-san!
well, can i fly now?
that won't be possible yet.
you've got to be able to control your ki freely, first.
same old-fashioned training as ever, huh?
oh, kaio of the south, is that you? it's been a while.
ah, that's son goku, who participated in the anoyoichi tournament several years ago, isn't it?
he might have gotten to the final round on a fluke back then,
but it appears he still hasn't received any special training from grand kaio-sama, huh?
grand kaio-sama is a busy man. but, it will happen soon enough.
how heavy a load is there in those weights he's wearing?
oh, not all that much. each one is two tons.
t-two tons?
apparently, that surprises you.
don't be ridiculous! i'm not surprised!
this is papoi, who has arrived from my own southern area.
he is the southern galaxy's greatest hero from the last thousand years.
he's incredibly strong.
if he had entered that last anoyoichi tournament,
we would have been far and away the winner.
compared to him, son goku is no big deal.
oh? what do you think about this-there's a martial arts tournament
being held on a planet called earth coming up, and he is going to be entering it specially.
how about you enter papoi-kun, too?
very well...
papoi will win for sure, no doubt about it!
hey, goku! do you want to try some weights that are a little heavier?
yeah, fine with me, but how heavy are you going to make them?
well, let's see, how about you try going to ten tons?
t-ten tons, you say?! you're kidding, right?
ten tons? ain't that asking a bit much, even from me?
i won't be able to move!
yeah, right, yeah, right!
that would be impossible, no matter how strong you are!
you still enjoy telling those same lame jokes that you always have, kaio of the north.
goku, you're free to turn super saiyan.
ah, in that case, it's perfectly fine.
hey, kaio of the south, go ahead and change those weights to ten tons.
t-ten tons! that will make for a total weight of 40 tons!
i'll do it for real! you ready?
yeah!
i'm really, really going to do it!
just do it, will you?
it's not my fault if you break something!
tha-at's done it!
the martial arts tournament is 28 days away by earth time.
papoi-kun, you should be excited about entering, too.
p-papoi, now that i think about it, that tournament sounds like a drag, huh?
well, let's think long and hard about it.
it might be better if you didn't enter, huh?
not some lousy tournament like that...
now then, as to how you fly, you have to be able to control your ki well...
like i showed you earlier... and then float...
you don't hop around;
you have to draw out the power from your whole body...
and concentrate your ki...
that's good, that's good!
i'm floating, i'm floating!
way to go, goten!
goten, don't overdo it!
i'm okay, big brother!
goten! goten!
goten, this is why i told you not to overdo it.
but it's all right. soon, you'll be able to fly freely.
mm-hmm. by the way, when are we going to do your special training, big brother?
shh, not until after videl-san goes home.
once she leaves, we'll do it as much as we want to.
uh-huh!
gohan-kun! what about me?!
right, right, right, right!
you know, it's getting pretty late.
won't your father be worried about you?
that's all right. flying is more important.
well, let's continue. let's see... draw out more of your body's power...
and, uh, focus your ki together...
that's the way, that's the way!
you did it! you're floating! you're floating slightly!
shh! be quiet! i can't concentrate!
that was incredible, wasn't it?
it's amazing that you've gotten so you're able to float in just one day!
you don't say...
i've done it, big brother! see?!
g-goten was already able to control his ki capably when we started.
videl-san, once you get as good as he is, it will be no problem for you.
if you just practice from now on by yourself, you'll get so you can fly.
i'm coming back tomorrow.
wh-why? you've practically got it down, don't you? practicing by yourself will be plenty.
i want to know more about ki.
or is my being here getting in your way?
n-no, it's not like that...
well then, until tomorrow.
bye-bye.
good-bye.
c-come to think of it...
what?
videl-san, about your hair...
i think it would be better if it was shorter.
gohan-kun... short hair is more to your taste?
n-no, it's not a matter of taste! when you're in a match,
i just think that having it shorter would be more convenient.
you see, when it's long, it can get in your eyes,
or it could be pulled by your opponent...
you just be quiet and leave me alone! that's up to me to decide, isn't it?!
why did sissy get all upset?
l-i don't know...
but you know something...?
we can't train!
don't overexert yourself, trunks. you should leave the room.
this 150x gravity is far too much for you.
last night, i got a phone call from goten-kun.
goten-kun said he was going to enter the tenkaichi tournament.
so i'm thinking of entering, too.
hmph, this is going to be pretty festive, huh?
it's too hard like this, all right. i think i'll turn super saiyan!
what the...?
lucky! lucky!
s-since when has he been able to...?
y-you've got to be kidding me.
he turned into a super saiyan, the warrior of legend, that easily...?
trunks...
yes?
can son gohan's brother turn, too? into a super saiyan?
yes.
it's as if there's a super saiyan bargain sale going on...
come at me!
that would be too much for me, no matter what i did.
dad, you're too strong.
come at me, right now! how about this...
if you can land just one blow to my face,
i'll take you to the amusement park.
really?! you will, dad?! all right...!
come at me as hard as you can. got that?
here i come!
that was mean, hitting back like that!
don't act so spoiled!
i never said i wouldn't hit back.
that's terrible...!
d-don't cry! i'll take you to the amusement park.
never mind that, tell me, between you and son gohan's brother, which of you is stronger?
i'm just a little bit stronger.
goten-kun is a year younger than me and all, and he can't fly yet.
just a little bit, huh?
what the hell is going on here, for crying out loud?
let's get some training in fast, before we're interrupted!
uh-huh!
y-yikes!
big brother, who is that?
well, shall we continue from where we left off yesterday?
v-videl-san...
i just don't understand girls.
goten and trunks, who had been hiding their talents, were having a good time.
what remains a mystery is what is going on inside videl's heart,
now that she has drastically cut her hair.
gohan has absolutely no idea.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
the tenkaichi tournament is drawing ever closer.
goten and videl were being trained how to perform bukujutsu by gohan.
that was incredible, wasn't it?
it's amazing that you've gotten so you're able to float in just one day!
you don't say...
elsewhere, vegeta and trunks continued their training in the heavy gravity room.
l-it's too hard like this, all right. i think i'll turn super saiyan!
y-you've got to be kidding me.
he turned into a super saiyan, the warrior of legend, that easily...?
"welcome back, goku! the entire z team assembles!!"
look! i've gotten so i can float pretty well!
great, great! you've got it down perfectly!
at this rate, i doubt there's anything else i can teach you.
yay! yahoo!
say, how many days do you think it will take before i can fly like that?
w-well, good question. i don't know...
i intend to keep coming here until then.
j-just a minute.
big brother, watch me, watch me! see?
goten, don't fly any faster when videl-san is here!
why not?
doesn't matter why not, okay?
what was that?
nothing, just a little advice.
time for a short break.
listen, don't let my papa know that you've been giving me training in flying.
i plan on surprising him by showing it to him for the first time during the matches.
is that right? that might be best, huh?
besides, if papa found out that i was going over to a boy's house, it would be awful!
he's terribly protective about me.
listen to me, videl,
you are not allowed to see any boys unless they are stronger than your papa.
and yet there aren't any such boys in the whole world.
papa is the world champion, after all.
you know, gohan-kun, you do pretty well yourself,
but even so, i wonder if you'd be any match for papa.
s-say, do you often engage in practice matches with your father?
practice matches?
there's no reason to do that, is there? he's the champion!
lately, he hasn't been overseeing my training,
so i've been doing it all on my own.
i knew it! videl-san hasn't yet realized
that she has already become far stronger than mister satan.
s-say, if your father were to lose to someone,
that would be a pretty big shock, wouldn't it?
no it wouldn't. papa is a little too full of himself.
sure, mama has died and is no longer around,
but he uses his fame as champion to dally around with all sorts of women!
it would do him a little good to lose once.
okay, okay! even if i defeat mister satan,
videl-san won't be hurt by it!
now then, i guess we should keep going.
gohan-kun, come to think of it, who did you learn bukujustu from?
oh, um, it was from a friend of mine, and my late father.
so i bet your father must have been fairly strong, right?
mm-hmm, he was awfully strong.
you know what? father is going to be coming back for one day,
so he can enter the tenkaichi tournament.
coming back? how do you mean? he's dead, isn't he?
y-you dummy, goten! i told you not to say anything about that, didn't i?!
ah, i get it.
i'll bet your father walked out on you a long time ago, right?
but he secretly contacted you to tell you he would be entering the tournament.
isn't that right?
both of us have had a hard time of it with our fathers.
m-mm-hmm...
well, never mind about them! training, training!
hey! where's videl? what happened to videl?
she hasn't come home yet.
what is she doing, staying out late every night like this?
and so, several days later...
watch out, watch out!
videl-san is something else, all right.
she's gotten so she can fly pretty freely in just ten days.
really, you're doing great. there's nothing more i can teach you.
thank you, gohan-kun. now i can devote myself to training
for the tenkaichi tournament without any worries.
mm-hmm, me too.
well, i have to get home.
i know! i could just fly home like this, huh?
mm-hmm.
okay, i'll see you at the tournament. good-bye!
good-bye! good-bye!
sissy finally went home, huh?
yeah.
goten, now we can train!
we'll have to make up for all the time we lost!
uh-huh!
come on, goten!
the tenkaichi tournament draws ever nearer.
everyone was putting their final efforts into the last of their training.
vegeta...
9,993... 9,994... 9,995... 9,996...
piccolo...
kuririn...
once you get married, then the pressure is really on.
videl-san has incredible drive, huh?
sh-she's a lot stronger than before...
put a new one up, would you?
s-sure...
papa...?
oh, videl...
are you sure you shouldn't be training?
there's no need for that. there's no doubt that papa will win.
i'll end up on top again!
it's no use... i just can't keep up with you, big brother...
that's only because i've been training a lot longer than you, goten.
but goten, you're doing pretty well yourself.
i wonder if father is really coming to the tournament.
goten, this will be the first time you've ever met father, won't it?
you must be looking forward to it.
mm-hmm.
goku... where is goku?
it's almost time for the tournament to begin on earth.
goku is over there.
right now, he has finished all of his training, and is calming his mind.
say, do you suppose son-kun will really be coming?
he's coming, that's for sure.
wow, how many years has it been since we've seen goku?
i'm sure looking forward to this.
kuririn-san, father might not recognize you with that hairstyle.
you're probably right.
it really has been a powerful long time!
i'm so glad everyone's lookin' so well!
yamucha-san, aren't you enterin'?
there's no way i could enter.
even if i did, i would just embarrass myself.
by the way, vegeta-san and this goes for you too, goten and trunks-kun,
would you mind if we didn't turn super saiyan during the tournament?
why not?
don't you know? you were already shown on tv during the fight with cell,
and people might wonder where they've ever seen you before.
now, try turning super saiyan in front of them.
they'll say "ah! it's that group from back then!"
yeah, and when that happens, it's sure to become bothersome,
what with the tv and everything.
hmph, i could just blow those people away.
no, you can't very well do that.
well, all right. as long as nobody turns super saiyan,
the conditions are the same. it won't affect my superiority.
that's okay with us, too.
uh-huh.
terrific. thanks, everyone.
that will help me out, too.
that sort of thing should be against the rules.
there it is, there it is!
that's the island with the tenkaichi tournament grounds!
okay, it's just about time.
now then, i'd better get ready.
say, gohan, are you going to fight in that getup?
yes. it would be bad if people at my school found out who i was.
pretty nice, right?
y-yeah...
hey, there sure are a lot people here.
you're right. what a hassle.
i wonder if goku is here already.
what's up? it's mister satan!
mister satan just arrived!
mister satan, huh? i'm getting his autograph!
the hero who saved the world has arrived.
that guy sure is popular, huh?
nobody knows what really happened, after all.
videl-san's father, huh?
satan! satan! satan!
satan fans of the world, sorry to keep you waiting!
mister satan, what do you think of your chances for winning this tournament?
well, to be honest, i am 120% certain that i will be victorious!
i understand your daughter is going to compete this time as well.
have you cut your hair as a means of expressing yourself?
how annoying. leave me alone.
it's all mine, all mine!
that guy is the same as ever.
pay no mind, pay no mind.
anyhow, i wonder if father is here yet.
i don't see him anywhere.
big brother, there's piccolo-san.
oh, you're right.
piccolo-sen...
have you seen father?
gohan... no, not yet.
are you planning to enter wearing that outfit?
of course.
i wonder what could be keepin' goku-sa.
could he already have gone to the contestants' waitin' area?
all right, i'll go see.
yeah, me too.
yoo-hoo!
father!
son!
h-hey!
you've all changed quite a bit, huh?
even so... how have you been?
g-goku-sa...!
we're glad you're back!
son-kun...
g-goku!
goku! father!
goku-sa! i've been waitin' for you!
i've missed you, too.
goten, it's your father.
huh?! and here i thought he looked just like me!
is that really my son?
father...?
father!
you sure are spirited! you look strong, just like me!
goku...
i'll remind you one more time, you've only got 24 hours. got it?
yeah, understood.
see you later.
thank you, o-baba!
hey, we have to hurry and take care of the tournament registration,
or we'll miss the deadline.
huh? g-great...
great saiyaman.
great saiyaman?
that's right.
what's that about?
the name and the outfit are awfully cool, right?
s-sure they are!
okay, next.
let's see, you'll be in the junior division.
huh?! junior division?!
children up to 15 years old are in the junior division.
hey, goten, they say that if you're 15 years old or younger,
they won't let you fight with the adults.
oh dear, is that the rule now? that's pretty convoluted.
i don't care! let us fight with the adults!
no way, that's against the rules. absolutely no way.
aw, this won't be any fun.
contestants, please hurry and report to the waiting area!
contestants, please hurry and report to the waiting area!
good luck, goku-sa, gohan, goten! earn us a big wad of prize money!
right.
okay then, it's been a long time since i got wild.
i've got to see how much stronger father has become.
i won't be holding back, okay?
me neither!
dad's going to go give it his best, now, so wait for me.
we're off!
you guys, don't get too carried away!
good luck!
at last, son goku has returned from the next world.
the dragon team has reassembled,
and a new tenkaichi tournament is about to get underway.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
it was the long-awaited day of the tenkaichi tournament.
as promised, son goku appeared from the other world before gohan and the others.
yoo-hoo!
goku! father!
goku-sa! i've been waitin' for you!
i've missed you, too.
father...?
father!
you sure are spirited! you look strong, just like me!
goku...
i'll remind you one more time, you've only got 24 hours. got it?
yeah, understood.
the tenkaichi tournament is about to begin.
"watch out, saiyaman! beware of snapshootersl?"
let's shoot over there!
hi! where are you from?
i'm from satan city.
despite how i might look, i work out at satan dojo.
i wonder if gohan-kun is here yet.
videl!
shapnen .
videl, i'm celebrating your victory in advance.
you don't say...
i'm going to take some great shots of you looking cool today, videl.
oh yeah?
v-videl, did you cut your hair?
you can tell just by looking, can't you?
you know, there's a shop near here that serves a delicious tropical juice.
after the tournament is over, would you go there with me?
v-videl!
goten, your dead pop is the spitting image of you, huh?
you think so?
he was amazing, right?
uh-huh.
he doesn't look all that great to me. my dad seems stronger.
but big brother said that father is the strongest in the universe, didn't he?
so you do have hair, huh?
i told you a long time ago that i was shaving it, didn't i?
why did you grow it out?
i think you looked better without hair.
well, you see, a lot has happened.
huh? no. 18! that's no. 18, ain't it?
you just now realized? idiot.
what's no. 18 doing here?!
we're living together at muten roshi's place.
kuririn, does that mean you and no. 18 are...?
we also have a child. you saw her earlier, right? the girl?
what a surprise!
idiot.
you had a child, even though she's a robot?
she's not either a robot! no. 18 was human to begin with.
she just got a little bit modified.
oh, is that right? kuririn, congratulations.
yeah, thanks.
gohan-kun, that's you, right?
videl-san...
i knew it! gohan-kun, why are you wearing that outfit?
shh!
i'm the great saiyaman.
oh, so that's it.
so, videl-san, have you gotten so you can fly really well?
of course i have. watch.
listen, gohan-kun, i'm not going to hold back, understand?
aren't you the formidable opponent?
videl...
l-i'll just be going...
hold on! who are you?!
he's the great saiyaman.
him? you seem to be on awfully familiar terms, huh?
that's just because he's an ally in my cooperation with the police
in the fight against evildoers.
right, great saiyaman?
y-yes, that's right.
who the hell are you?!
his true identity is unknown. not even i know who he is.
right, great saiyaman?
r-right.
"right, great saiyaman" is it?
goodness! shapner, you wouldn't be jealous, would you?
d-don't be ridiculous!
contestants participating in the tenkaichi tournament,
please hurry, as the preliminary is beginning.
contestants participating in the tenkaichi tournament,
please hurry, as the preliminary is beginning.
great saiyaman, we have to hurry!
videl-san...!
h-hold on, this is awkward...! please, let go...!
dammit!
that miserable great saiyaman! just who is that guy?!
thank you very much!
it appears that this bunch are the last contestants to enter.
let's shoot them quick, and then move to the preliminary grounds.
right, right.
hi! where are you from?
say, haven't we seen those two someplace before?
you think so?
i'm sure i've seen them somewhere...
i still like the way your head looked before...
hi! where did you come from?
where? i... i came from the next world.
what a kidder!
i ain't kidding you.
um, that ring over your head is just an accessory you're wearing, right?
ah, this? this ain't for decoration. see, when you die...
piccolo hasn't changed at all, huh?
where do you get off breaking the camera?!
everything we've shot up to now is ruined, you know!
how could this be? it's strange, this has never happened before.
those of you who have to change, please use this dressing room.
there isn't much time, so please hurry, okay?
aw... i sure would have liked to fight with the adults.
you know what, though,
with us entering, you have to feel sorry for everyone else.
the only ones who look like they'll be able to stand up to us are each other.
he's so handsome! so handsome!
let me have your autograph next!
u-um, you seem a little pale. are you all right?
leave me alone! my face is supposed to be this color.
w-we beg your pardon!
d-dammit, what's so great about great saiyaman?
thanks for waiting!
sorry to keep you hanging.
okay, let's go.
dammit, i'm going to make sure i find an opening and reveal his true identity!
this place is packed!
amazing, isn't it?
nothing but small-timers.
oh...?
oh...! it's you guys!
yo'.!
what a wonderful day this is! i didn't think i'd be seeing you again.
wow, how this takes me back!
i've been waiting so long for you guys to participate again.
it wasn't mister satan that defeated cell, it was you guys, right?
i knew as much.
to be honest with you,
a tenkaichi tournament that doesn't have you folks participating in it
is the very definition of boring.
the level drops so low, so low...
ls everyone else here friends of yours?
i suppose so.
wow, that's great, that's great.
you there, please don't destroy the arena like you did before, okay?
we'll see.
this is getting exciting!
this tenkaichi tournament is going to be incredible!
incidentally, this has been bothering me for a little while now,
but what is that ring over your head?
oh, i died. it happened during the fight with cell.
i've come here specially from the next world just for today.
okay, okay!
that is strange, but with you guys, anything is possible.
whether you're dead or whether you're alive, it's fine with me.
so there are people who know how great father was!
knowing you guys, you'll smash your way through the preliminary round for sure!
okay, i'll see you in the ring!
i'm counting on you for some good matches!
any of you kids who want my autograph, line up, line up!
the first fifty of you who get here will get them for free, as my present to you!
ah, it's satan!
satan! satan! satan!
they say that death is the only cure for idiocy,
but he'll probably be the same even after he dies, huh?
if i can get his sunglasses off, i can find out his true identity...!
come on, let's go.
damn... and i was so close, too...
to those of you who are assembled,
we will now begin the preliminary round for the tenkaichi tournament.
the total number of entrants in this tournament is 194, not including the junior division.
of those, only the 16 contestants that win their way through the preliminary round
will be able to participate.
however, the champion, mister satan,
will be allowed to participate unconditionally,
so we will now select the remaining 15 contestants.
what are we doing?
in order for the preliminary round to be conducted fairly,
it will be held using a punch machine.
those 15 who have the highest punch machine scores
will pass the preliminary.
punch machine? what's that?
you're all mine!
damn! and i was so close, too!
now then, we will have the champion, mister satan,
hit the punch machine to serve as reference,
and see what kind of value it returns.
and now, the champion, mister satan, if you please!
who among you will surpass me?!
there's plenty of guys here that surpass you.
over here!
big brother...
pick me up.
this time, for sure...
i did it! i may not have been able to tell with my naked eyes,
but the camera is sure to have captured his uncovered face!
l, shapner-sama, will reveal the true identity of the great saiyaman!
come on, don't be shy! take all the pictures you want, i don't mind!
how long is he going to act so cocky?
m-my camera! and after i managed to shoot him, too!
piccolo-sen...
i've destroyed all the cameras, including the ones the spectators have.
now, even if your disguise does come off by some chance,
you won't be found out by anyone at your school.
you can fight without having to worry about that.
than ks, piccolo-sen.
what's this? what's going on?
i guess i've got no choice but to do this without any press.
th-there it is! 137! 137 points!
that's my papa!
okay, everyone, good luck!
i'll be waiting for a contestant that i can take seriously!
all right then, will all contestants please take a numbered ticket
and line up in front of the punch machine.
also, all of the kids who will be participating in the junior division, please gather over here.
well, well, at that rate, satan is going to win again this time.
good luck, kids.
i wonder if tenshinhan and them are coming.
probably not.
he did say that it's unlikely we'd ever see each other again.
number 6, 97 points.
number 16, 77 points.
videl, good luck.
videl, make sure you win.
whoa, there's an amazing score! number 86, 112 points!
sheesh, this is nonsense.
okay, next is number 84.
hey, look, it's a woman! and she's a fine woman, isn't she?
whew, i'd sure like to fight her!
hey, don't put too much power into it, now.
you'll break the machine.
i know!
s-s-seven hundred seventy-four?!
i'm sorry, but there appears to have been a malfunction.
please wait a moment.
this is why i told you not to overdo it!
hush, would you? it's hard to hold back!
l-it appears to be fixed now, so once again...
203 points...
number 85, 192 points...
number 86, 186 points...
number 87, 210 points.
th-this thing appears to be completely busted, all right.
let's get a new punch machine ready.
right.
get back.
you're kidding...!
ah, there's just no helping him.
vegeta doesn't know how to hold back.
even videl is left speechless by such overwhelming power.
goku and the others have all passed the preliminary round easily.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
after several years had passed,
the z warriors assemble themselves once again,
to participate in the newly reopened and refurbished tenkaichi tournament.
who will be able to surpass me?
l-it's showing one hundred thirty-seven points!
one hundred thirty-seven points!
and so the qualifying round to determine the other fifteen finalists began...
eighty-six points.
s-seven hundred seventy-four...?
get back.
the z warriors make their way through the preliminaries a step above the rest.
the greatest tenkaichi tournament in all of history is about to begin.
"no small matter!! little trunks."
aw, he wrecked it...
i-i'm going home, if he'll be competing.
can't take him anywhere...
h-hey! aren't you surprised at that?
that guy destroyed the punch machine, after all!
y-yeah, i was surprised.
i don't believe it! that whole group...
i think they're all in the same party, and they all got around 200 points!
yet up until them, the 137 points recorded by my papa was the highest score!
oh, really?
those of you who have yet to go through the preliminary,
please wait just a moment.
we are preparing a new punch machine for you.
hey, vegeta! there's a junior division, where the kids are entered into,
that's about to start. wanna go watch?
hmph, sure, why not?
it beats hanging around in this crummy place.
here they come. i'd like to know what the story is with this group.
huh?!
hey, the friend you mentioned was a girl?
this is a girl, right?
y-yes.
this is my friend videl-san.
nice going, there! she's pretty cute, isn't she?
no... see... that's not...
trunks and the other's matches are about to start,
so we're gonna go watch them.
you hurry up and get your preliminary taken care of.
right!
how long before they start the preliminaries again?
you know them?
hm? yeah.
the one wearing the bright orange-colored gi was my father.
huh? y-you said your father was dead!
y-yeah, that's right.
that's why he had that ring over his head, see?
what is the deal with you people?
and so, the reopening of the long-closed tenkaichi tournament is about to begin!
first, the younger kids, those 15 and under, will compete for victory in the junior division!
and though it may be the junior division, the prize for first place is 10 million zeni!
the prize for second place is 5 million zeni!
further, the youngster who wins the division will, as a special attraction... what's this?
how wonderful! he will get to fight with him as a special present!
and by him, of course i mean...
the champion of the tenkaichi tournament, mister satan!
"martial"
satan! satan! satan! satan! satan! satan!
are you all right?
joke! joke!!
great!
nice joke, mister satan!
it wasn't bad...
now then,
in the time we have before the preliminaries are finished and the junior division gets underway,
please enjoy this special event we've kept especially for today, featuring mister satan!
"throb throb."
what can it be,
but a motion picture recreating the role mister satan played during the cell games!
we present to you "our savior mister satan: a record of glory."
what? i haven't heard about this!
awesome! a recreation of the cell games!
all right! i've always wanted to see this!
hey, they say there's a movie.
stop! this is something the tv station made by themselves!
this isn't something i had made so i could brag about it!
how modest of you to say. everyone, do you want to see the movie?
okay, in that case, everyone do the satan call!
hey, hold on now...
satan! satan! satan!
yea!
and so, ladies and gentlemen, enjoy the show!
what do you call that?!
we're gonna defeat you!
oh, man!
you'll lose again!
let's go!
this is absurd!
don't get so upset. it's pretty fun to watch, ain't it?
what's the matter?
is that all you've got?!
d-damn you!
in that case, i am the winner!
wait!
how embarrassing! i wish they hadn't used that face!
you fool!
who's the fool now?
what?!
h-how did you get over there?!
your tricks won't work on me!
get him, satan!
finish him!
that's enough!
i told you this won't work!
l-i was wrong! forgive me! i won't do any more bad things!
nothing doing! you're going to pay for your evil deeds at my fist!
l-lncredible! just what we'd expect from satan-same!
justice wins!
sure is amazing what happens when you let a fib go on this long!
wow, that was wonderful! absolutely wonderful!
hmm? mister satan?
satan-sen?
how embarrassing!
yes, just what we would expect from our champion! most elegantly done!
you hush up!
all right! i'm going to win for sure, and get mister satan's autograph!
say, what are you going to buy with your prize money?
toys and candy!
you're such a kid, goten.
what about you, trunks-kun?
i'm not sure what i would do with it...
trunks-kun, your family is the richest in the world,
so there's probably nothing you want, huh?
hmph! look at them all!
there's nothing but weak, provincial-looking types here!
who's your first opponent?
lucky, lucky! it's that runt over there!
oh, that'll be an easy win for you!
let's go have some fun with him!
sounds good.
now that you mention it, i haven't thought of what i want.
(he)': pee-wee!
hey, you! i'm gonna beat you senseless!
did you remember to put on your diaper?
don't wet yourself, now!
get lost, you idiot!
wha...?!
you, and your jerkwater hairstyle.
what did you say?
why, you...
you've really said it, didn't you?!
now i've decided i'm gonna leave you half-dead!
oh, really?
so how was our special event, "our savior mister satan: a record of glory?"
and now, let's begin the junior division of the tenkaichi tournament!
looks like even the tournament couldn't keep itself from getting all flashy.
the ring's a lot bigger than it was before, too.
hmm, it's all just an insignificant show now.
look, there's trunks!
as you know, the junior division has no preliminary round.
35 youngsters have gathered together at this tournament
to show off their skills for us.
the rules are the same as for the adults...
give-ups, ring-outs, ten-count downs, and being knocked out will constitute a loss.
good luck, trunks!
goten-chan'.!
whatever, just start this, already!
here we are!
ah, good. i've finally found an open seat.
i should see ldasa-chan well from here.
why you...
so, let's get started right away, then!
our first match is between bart-kun, age 12, and peppero-kun, age 14!
aw, they're starting!
i wish they'd hurry this up!
that's right, goten-kun will be participating in this too!
nice! way to go!
as expected, mister satan, your movie was a great hit!
thanks to you, the video version has sold out in one day!
that's only to be expected.
oh, my! he has started crying!
will he give up?
hey, hey -
ah, ringout!
this is remarkable!
a come-from-behind victory for kadpi-kun!
this really is just a bunch of kids fighting.
and so, onto round 7! this is between koryu-kun, age 10,
and lmamu-kun, age 8.
begin!
hold on there, son!
ringout! that's as far as it goes!
young man...
don't q-y!
mister satan!
stick out your chest!
boys must not be made to cry so easily!
okay!
there, that's a good boy.
oh, what a delightful happening this is!
that's our mister satan! what a heartwarming sight!
nice going, satan!
that was cool, satan!
heh, that was perfect! that was better than perfect!
i'll have to try using that again sometime.
what was all that?
you've got me.
he manages to think up something for every occasion.
sounds like something eventful is going on.
why can't they hurry this up?
ringout! karashnikov-kun wins! now, onto the ninth round!
trunks-kun, age 8, versus ldasa-kun, age 15.
oh, it's lil' trunks!
give him your best!
ah, if he gives his best, things could get ugly.
keep it under control!
you ready for this, you little turd?
"silence" i'm ignoring you.
you're really starting to annoy me, kid!
i'm still ignoring you.
i feel sorry for that poor kid! age 8 versus age 15!
good luck, trunks!
idasa-chan, it's your mama!
what are you doing?!
against a little opponent like that,
poor ldasa-chan won't even be able to show his true ability.
you know, it's really too bad. why did my camera have to get broken like this?
now i can't shoot ldasa-chan's valiant form!
trunks! knock a hole in his dumb-looking face!
i never! how vulgar!
begin!
bring it on, you little turd! come on!
you talk too much. i don't need you to tell me what to do.
hmph. maybe i got a little too serious there.
guess i'm still a kid too.
h-he's unconscious!
trunks-kun wins!
incredible!
idasa-chan!
hoo, boy. this is going to be dull until goten and trunks go at it.
they said i was in the match after this one.
this is why i asked them to let me fight with the adults. you know?
the tenkaichi tournament finally begins, with the junior division.
just how powerful are the little super-warriors, trunks and goten?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the long-awaited tenkaichi tournament has begun.
the dragon warriors easily made their way through the preliminaries.
and, in the junior division, trunks eventually took the stage.
bring it on, you little turd! come on!
you talk too much. i don't need you to tell me what to do.
hmph. maybe i got a little too serious there.
guess i'm still a kid, too.
he's unconscious!
trunks-kun wins!
trunks easily wins and moves on.
next is goten's turn.
"it's my turn! goten's anxious first fight."
the battle amongst the youngsters showing off their skills continues.
so then, let's continue! we have come to the 16th round.
ikose-kun, age 14, versus son goten-kun, age 7.
"martial."
this little kid?
goten's making his entrance.
can't wait to see what kind of match he has.
ikose-chan, don't drop your guard like your brother did!
goten-chan! be sure you go rough on him!
another brat from the vulgar brigade?
to think another one of you against my genteel, other son.
intolerable! intolerable, i say!
oh, my! here i was thinking,
there's another idiot-faced hillbilly making an appearance,
and it turns out to be his brother?
indeed!
there isn't going to be a second miracle here today!
i hope your little brat meets a horrible fate!
wow! so many people here to watch!
he's overcome by how many spectators are watching him.
hmm? that face... "son goten"...
i-i won, man!
i see. it's son goku's son!
unmistakable! he's identical to him when he was little.
now then, begin the match!
hang in there, goten! just take it easy!
ikose-chan, boom boom, knock him down! boom boom!
sounds like goten-kun's match has started!
yeah, so it seems.
if we don't finish up our preliminary soon, we won't be able to see him.
ready yet?
sorry, the new punch machine still needs tuning...
hey, kid! your friend's match is beginning!
aren't you going to watch?
i don't have to watch to know what will happen.
oh?
hey, let's go watch!
a little kid like you shouldn't have come out here!
take this! assassin punch!
hey, do it for real. as hard as you can.
so, seems you are somewhat capable.
ikose-chan is really into it at last!
but how many seconds will that hillbilly kid last?
ikose-chan! win! puh-ieeze!
smash that little brat for your mama's sake!
that's all, huh?
fair enough.
incredible! he knocked him out in one punch!
he did it! he did it!
of course he did.
h-hey! lkose-kun! lkose-kun!
he's unconscious... son goten-kun wins!
i won't allow this any longer!
there, things've quieted down now.
awesome! your friend beat him with one punch!
didn't i say? i knew what would happen without watching.
y-yeah.
hey, looks like the seven-year-old kid won!
sounds like goten-kun won!
that's amazing, right, against a 14-year-old?
yeah.
it's only natural.
what, aren't you happy?
eh? sure i'm happy. yeah, he won!
the matches continued...
goten-kun wins!
he did it! he did it!
now!
trunks-kun wins!
he did it!
goten and trunks quickly advance, until as expected,
they face each other in the final round.
and so, it's nearly time for the final round!
our contestants for the final are...
trunks-kun, age 8, and goten-kun, age 7.
this fight is mine!
you expect me to lose?
and so, it's nearly time for the junior division final round!
will the victor be trunks-kun? or will it be son goten-kun?
good luck, trunks!
goten-chan! win and get us a big wad of prize money!
don't either one of ya lose, now!
finally, we'll get to see an entertaining match!
yeah.
both contestants have fought their way here with overpowering strength!
and what's more, both of them are good friends!
the final round is about to begin!
um, is it ready? we're in a hurry here!
oh, we've just now got it working!
really? well then, if i may...
no taking cuts!
wait your turn! yeah!
uh, but l...
no way! return to your place in line! uh, now, hold on...
we're in a hurry!
no, ma'am. it's the rules.
the match is going to be over!
hang tough, little guy!
give us a good fight!
fight! fight!
mister satan! mister satan!
oh, were you resting?
n-no, no.
i was unifying myself mentally before the match.
one of the harder things to do, once you become the champion,
is to keep yourself in tip-top condition at all times,
as is expected of you during the match!
the junior division final is about to get underway,
and there are two very strong children competing.
would the champion care to watch the match?
i think it will be a very entertaining bout.
very well, what else can i do? i'll watch their match for a bit.
after all, i have to take on whichever one of these youngsters wins.
we apologize for the delay.
we would now like to present the tenkaichi tournament junior division final!
i'm telling you now,
i won't be pulling any punches, goten.
yeah, me neither!
those two?
yes, that's correct. they say they're 7 and 8.
those kids did well to get this far.
that kid... i have this feeling like we've met, but we haven't met...
hmm, i can't quite place it.
goten!
trunks!
keep your composure, trunks! goten!
oh, incredible!
they've started!
wait, gohan-kun!
whew, sorry to keep you waiting! we finally finished our preliminary!
you're awful late.
we thought that maybe you two were off on a date!
that's not true! it wasn't like that!
it's okay, it's okay!
thank goodness you made it in time. this is a good part.
nice going, both of you!
that's cold!
that's the way! goten! trunks!
goten-chan'.!
goten! go!
trunks! what are you doing?! hang in there!
all right! all right! goten-chan!
trunks!
go! go! trunks!
goten!
wh-what is the story with them?
this is a fight between an eight-year-old and a seven-year-old?
lil' trunks and goten are both pretty good at this, ain't they?
aren't they, though?
way to go, way to go, trunks, goten!
a-awesome!
the fight between the promising trunks and goten...
which will be the one decorated as victor of
the tenkaichi tournament junior division?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
goku has returned from the other world,
and an unprecedented tenkaichi tournament has begun.
"martial."
first, the kids showed off what they could do
as the tournament's junior division began.
you talk too much.
i don't need you to tell me what to do.
both trunks and goten easily advanced through their matches, and as predicted,
the two of them now face each other in the final round.
wow! so many people here to watch!
i'm telling you now,
i won't be pulling any punches, goten.
yeah, me neither!
"happiness times a million! the junior champion is decided!!"
wh-what is the story with them?
hang in there!
l-lncredible! i knew since they were together with son goku-kun, they'd be incredible!
this is it! i've been waiting so long for them.
this is how the tenkaichi tournament ought to be!
they're pretty good!
yeah, better than i expected. they're both hanging in there.
goten-chan! stay tough!
trunks! don't drop your guard!
not bad, goten!
you've managed to get a lot better in just that short time.
big brother taught me a lot.
well, can you do this?
d-don't tell me he's going to launch a kikoha blast from there?!
l-it'll blow into the spectator seats! don't do anything stupid!
nah, it'll be okay.
he realizes that much.
you've got to give him more credit.
o-oh no!
wh-what was that just now?
it looked like some kind of amazing rocket came from his hands.
whew, that was close!
see?
l-i-i've seen that before...
i-it couldn't be...
how's that? pretty cool, huh?
i can do that too.
i just barely had it taught to me though.
watch this! ka-me-ka-me...
you dummy, it's kamehame-ha.
hal!
"tenkaichi tournament."
that was close! goten ain't got control over his kamehame-ha.
c-can't be!
hey, he did the same thing as that other kid.
what the hell was that?
l-it-it looks like him. he looks just like him!
that guy that was there during the fight with cell.
i hit the house!
looks like we better stop doing kikoha-like blasts.
you're dangerous with them, goten.
let's go on without them.
okay -
i want to see the final round!
me too!
ikose-chan, ldasa-chan...
mama is upset that you two got beat up by those vulgar kids!
but dear, those two were special.
they had incredible victories in their later matches too.
no, we cannot lose.
at the next tenkaichi tournament, you have to beat those two brats!
in order to do that, starting now,
it's training, training, and more training!
keep going, ldasa, lkose.
all right, i think it's about time i bring this to a close, goten.
i am going to be victorious!
i'm going to win!
huh? trunks-kun is gone!
oh no!
uh oh, goten!
how's this, goten? now say you give up!
hey, no matter how you look at it, they're floating in mid-air, right?
yeah.
hurry and say you give up!
if i grab you any tighter, you'll die!
n-no way'-!
it looks as though trunks wins this one.
goten, stick it out! stand up to him!
i said say it, and i mean it!
he can become a super saiyan?!
oh, goten, you fool!
that was dirty, kakarrot!
it's no use telling me...
that one kid, didn't he seem somehow different just now?
i had the same feeling.
what is this, a dream? a vision?
l-it's them all right. n-no mistaking it.
it's his child, he's a dead ringer.
that's cheating, goten!
we aren't supposed to become super saiyans, you know!
sorry, couldn't help it. i won't do it again, for sure!
well, okay then.
goten...
what?
if i really wanted to,
i could win without even using my left arm.
you're kidding! you couldn't win!
yes i could!
no you couldn't. just try! you can't use your left arm, no matter what!
right, i know! here goes!
trunks!
goten-chan, go! go on!
how about it? can you fix it?
it's no use.
i don't even know what the cause of the malfunction is.
hey, aren't there any other tv cameras?
even the spare camera is broken.
the other station's cameras, as well as the spectator's home videos and cameras,
they all seem to be ruined. isn't that strange?
unbelievable, how can this be?
how is it we can't record such an incredible fight?! dammit!
you cheater!
h-he's flying entirely in mid-air, that's all there is to it.
you've completely mastered the bukujutsu technique, huh goten?
what do you suppose he's up to now?
gohan-kun, you've been giving him some kind of special training
behind my back, haven't you?
n-no, it's been about the same as always.
really?
well then, how did he get so...?
charge!
he's building up his speed as he drops and plans on dashing at me...
as he watches which way i go.
okay, i'll just dodge him in the nick of time.
he's just barely started to fly.
he won't be able to follow my moves.
now!
crash!
what?!
goten...
you dummy!
ringout! contestant trunks wins. he is the victor!
the junior division has a victor!
i did it! i did it!
trunks won!
g-goten-chan...
goten and trunks both fought well.
i'm going to do well, too!
you mean, even lil' trunks can become a super saiyan?
hey, too bad.
looks as though my son comes from the better stock.
y-yeah.
not sure what all happened, but that was an incredible match!
i've never seen anything like it!
what was that, trunks-kun?! you cheated, didn't you?!
you turned super saiyan, and you used your left hand!
cheater! cheater!
sorry, sorry, i couldn't help myself. but what about you?
you turned super saiyan earlier too, so we're even.
and i didn't actually use my left hand to hit you.
a real man wouldn't complain about it.
what's the matter? look, don't get all sore at me,
and i'll give you any three of my toys that you like.
really? you have to now! you promised me!
okay?
"tenkaichi tournament."
and now, following such a tense match,
it's time for this delightful attraction!
we will now have trunks-kun, the winner of the junior division,
fight against the world champion, mister satan!
satan! satan! satan!
so, what do you suppose that guy will do now?
what if he decides to cry "trick" again?
there's no way he can match up against trunks.
pay no mind, pay no mind!
lucky you, trunks-kun!
the children's match ends with trunks as the victor.
and now comes the showdown against mister satan.
wh-what am i going to do?!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
with goku returning from the other world,
an epoch-making tenkaichi tournament has begun!
as anticipated, the junior division's final round
came down to a clash between trunks and goten.
if i really wanted to, i could win without even using my left arm.
no you couldn't. just try!
you can't use your left arm, no matter what!
charge!
the crown of victory brightens trunks' head.
"now what, satan!? the greatest pinch in history."
our champion, mister satan is about to appear.
just how long will trunks-kun's power hold out against mister satan?
satan! satan! satan!
"tenkaichi tournament."
you know, he's an incredible little boy, huh?
i don't suppose even the great mister satan can stand waiting for this!
wh-what if he decides to get serious on me?
don't be silly!
joking! i'm joking!
what can i do? i'm going to die!
would you like to take a little break first?
i'm fine.
really? then, without further ado, mister satan! if you please?
"martial."
go ahead, mister satan!
mister satan!
world's greatest!
who is this youngster, who challenges the world champion, mister satan?!
satan! satan! satan!
it's you, then?!
i hope you're ready!
wh-what should i do?
if this is a dream, hurry and wake up!
this old guy is the world champion?
i wouldn't believe it for a second.
i wonder if he's stronger than dad.
trunks-kun, hang in there!
you keep that to yourself!
he doesn't have to hang in here!
well, how about we start getting back?
i think the preliminaries should be over by now.
you're right, let's go see.
hold on!
that child down there is one of you, right?
he's about to fight with mister satan!
aren't you going to watch that first?
yeah! yeah, we are!
you never know, it may turn out to be a good match.
well, we'll head out first, then.
what's this? there's nothing incredible about that.
could he be acting pathetic on purpose?
that must be it. he's the world champion, after all.
okay, let's do it.
h-hey! what are you so worked up about?
this match is just an attraction!
th-this is supposed to be light fun!
so let's take it easy here, okay? huh? yeah?
no way. i'm going as hard as i can.
y-you fool! let's be grown up about this. we're just playing around!
i'm a child.
stubborn boy! give it a break, you're acting like a kid.
i am a kid.
so, are you both ready, then? let's get this underway.
that kid is uncommonly strong,
but overall, satan has to be even stronger, huh?
he's gotta be. he's the one who beat cell, after all.
trunks! go! go!
what should i do?!
l-i know!
oh! mister satan, what seems to be the trouble?
mister satan, what is it?
back when i fought cell, i hurt my knee, and now...
you hurt your knee during that fight?
y-yeah. i kept it a secret, but in fact, that's what happened.
what a shame, that at a time like this...
there's a doctor here, we'll have him look at it.
i'll go get him.
no, it's okay. it seems to be better now. i should be able to fight.
after all, i am the world champion. this is nothing at all.
you're sure it's all right?
of course!
it's all right! mister satan will fight!
w-we're about to start. what can i do? what can i do?
if i lose to a kid, my reputation will be damaged...
that's it! my opponent is a kid!
i can just pretend to lose to him on purpose!
that's good! that's what i'll do!
so, then...
t-time out a second!
trunks-kun, listen. come to think of it, we never showed you how
the special salute for this attraction is to be held.
salute?
that's right! when the match starts,
you will first gently, gently now, tap me, the champion, on the face.
it will be perfect.
just like this. got that?
no matter what, you mustn't salute me as hard as you can.
okay? you got that?
i got it. just a tap, right?
all right. we can begin now.
the boy just wanted my autograph,
and i was telling him we'd do it afterward.
ah, i see.
this will be interesting.
well then, the match between the junior champion trunks-kun and mister satan!
please begin!
all right! so, bring it on!
oh? mister satan has stuck out his face,
as if to say "hit me!" such poise! such poise, mister satan!
way to go! good luck, kid!
rp-papa!
you idiot! you've got to pull your punch more than that!
papa .
you got me! you sure are strong. the old man has lost!
r-ringout! what's this? trunks-kun has won!
hey, he did that on purpose!
that's our satan!
nice going, world champion!
that was nicely done. a very convincing show of losing!
w-well, i think i'll take a short nap in the waiting room now.
l-i don't know. maybe he was strong after all.
owl! i'm going to die!! you stupid brat!
and after i said to him "gently!" worthless dimwit!
congratulations, trunks-kun!
you're even stronger than the world champion!
and now, before we start the tenkaichi tournament's senior division,
we will take a 30-minute intermission.
the senior division will convene at 1:40 p.m., so until then,
we hope you look forward to it...
oh, there's an intermission?
i'm hungry, why don't we eat something before then?
ah, excuse me, only contestants who have qualified may proceed past this point.
you mean the results of the preliminaries are out already?
in that case, i think each one of us have qualified.
one moment, please. may i have your names?
son goku.
kuririn.
no. 18.
vegeta.
ma junior.
ma junior?
there was that business in the past.
it would be unfavorable if i went by "piccolo."
i guess so.
here you are, here you are. please excuse me, you have all qualified.
by all means, you may proceed.
at 1:30, there will be a drawing to determine your match order,
so until then, you are at your leisure.
half-past one, huh? that gives us about 20 minutes.
yeah, but aside from our little membership here and gohan,
there doesn't seem to be anyone worth worrying about.
we'll be taking all the prize money.
i got no way to use it over in the other world.
how nice for you, goku, not getting any older in the other world.
i suppose. kuririn, you want to try dying?
now cut that out!
i'm extremely happy now, you know.
right?
idiot.
congratulations on your victory. you sure were strong, trunks-kun.
what kind of training have you been up to, little boy?
it's a shame the tv cameras were all broken and we couldn't broadcast, huh?
who would you like to communicate your joy to?
what are your impressions, having fought against mister satan?
ah! mister satan is coming!
goten!
trunks-kun! can we have a word concerning your impressions of victory?
man, they were persistent.
yeah. say, trunks-kun, are you really going to give me those toys?
yeah, of course.
but still, there's something unsatisfying, huh?
say, goten, don't you want to try getting in to the adult matches?
mm? sure i do...
qhh! yum, yum!
hey, you sure you're all right, eating that much before the matches?
since when do the dead get hungry to begin with?
over in the other world, it doesn't matter whether you eat or not.
but the food here in the lower realm is so yummy!
ah, here you are!
oh, gohan! how did it go?
trunks-kun won.
mister satan-san seemed to lose to him on purpose.
hmm, right, on purpose. he thinks of everything.
what do you mean by that?
don't pay it too much mind.
kuririn-san!
please don't be so indiscreet! ok...
gohan! we've ordered for you too. you're eating, ain't you?
gotcha. yes! i humbly accept!
quite delicious, this food!
ain't it? another helping!
what is it with these people?
unbelievable. what is it about you saiyans and your stomachs?
saiyans?
kuririn-san!
gotcha, gotcha! i won't say anything else!
i'm full! i'm full! thanks for the hospitality!
the food on this side is yummy indeed!
you didn't eat anything. are you dieting?
the drawing is just about to begin, isn't it?
s-say, that person is floating in mid-air.
good day. you are son goku-san, are you not...?
h-how did you know i was?
i have heard some rumors concerning you.
i have wanted to try my hand against you in a match.
i too have managed to qualify in the preliminaries. if things go well,
i hope we may end up competing against each other.
of course, i do not believe i have what it takes to win.
i would just like to know how strong you are.
by all means, if i could shake your hand...
mm? ah, good to meet you.
i see. as the rumors said, you possess a fine soul.
well, if you will excuse me...
who was that, son?
i don't know.
but there's no mistaking that we ain't the only ones
who will have easy wins anymore.
you sure? he didn't appear all that great.
i mean, to me, he just seemed like a strange-looking fellow.
a strange pair suddenly makes an appearance.
who could these two be?
this tenkaichi tournament just got a whole lot more interesting!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
so, bring it on!
the curtain rises on an unprecedented tenkaichi tournament
with trunks' victory in the junior division.
but then...
good day. you are son goku-san, are you not?
i have wanted to try my hand against you in a match.
i too have managed to get past the preliminaries.
ah, good to meet you.
two men unexpectedly appear before son goku and the z warriors,
who were expecting they would have easy wins.
who are these men? what is their power?
"event match-ups decided!! let's hurry and hold the first round."
they aren't of earth, those two.
nope.
i have no idea who they might be.
why would off-worlder beings be in a place like this?
say, what does he mean? "aren't of the earth"?
ah, that person, see, he's a little bit funny.
you're right. come to think of it, he looks a little pale.
no matter, no matter, let's hurry!
the tournament's drawing is about to start!
y-yeah.
damn.
that kid trunks, or whatever... i even told him how lightly to do it.
hey, goten! come look at this!
hmm? what?
look at that guy! the one with the mask on!
that's a strange mask all right!
this area is one where only people who have qualified
in the preliminaries can enter.
that means he's one of them!
how about it? don't you think we can use him?
in that outfit, no one would know if we were inside! probably.
how do you mean?
don't you get it?
put simply, we give him a good chop, and while he's out, we take his clothes.
then we pretend to be him, and participate in the matches!
no way, we couldn't do something like that!
you say such ridiculous things, trunks-kun!
what's the matter? don't you want to try matching up against the grown-ups?
w-well, sure i'd like to try, but...
don'cha?! okay, it's settled then!
h-hold on!
um...
what is it? you want an autograph, little boy?
there's a pretty young lady over there who says she wants to talk to you.
what?!
she's too embarrassed, so she asked me to come get you for her.
r-really? where is she?
this way, this way.
where, where? is she really pretty?
just so you know, i'm pretty fussy about that. where, where?
all right!
trunks-kun!
give me a hand here, goten.
we did it! we did it!
hey, let's get his clothes off.
i put this on?
yeah.
yeah, but aren't i too small? won't that give us away?
you're such a fool.
both of us wear it together! both of us!
huh? both of us?
you don't think anyone can tell like this?
fool! there's no way anyone can tell!
all right! this is perfect! there's no way anyone can tell!
i don't know...
the drawing is about to start!
yes, i'm going now!
right?
yeah.
all right, i'll be right back!
h-hey, the other way, the other way! not this way!
you know, i can't see in front of me!
so just poke some holes!
you're right!
now we're perfect!
so there's 16 contestants appearing?
i wonder what kind of opponents there'll be.
oh well, i don't expect there will be anyone that great.
ah, you're here, you're here!
so, have all the entrants come together yet?
well then, let's call mister satan in.
mister satan is having a rest.
he said to have his drawing done for him.
really? well, that's what we'll do then.
right, everyone, we will now hold the drawing to determine your match order!
when your name is called, please come and draw one of these lots.
kami-sama, i plead with you!
please don't let me face one of these guys in the first round!
kuririn, when you say kami-sama, it's dende!
ah, that's right! but that's okay!
kami-sama'. dende-sama'.!
except for those two, there ain't anyone else that seems all that great.
what's with them? those two have a sinister look about them!
it's like they've over-pumped-up!
wha ?
th-that guy is a contestant? he sure does have an unusual build!
so then, i will be calling you in japanese alphabetical order.
um, killa-san...
number 14.
right, killa-san is number 14.
contestant killa, number 14!
contestant killa, number 14!
oh! the match-ups for the first round are underway!
next is contestant kibit, if you please?
um, number 7.
contestant kibit, number 7!
next is contestant kuririn.
oh, me?
please, let this be a good number.
number 1! you mean my match is right off the bat?
next, contestant great saiyaman!
right!
number 8.
ah, so that guy who just...
you'd better not let your guard down.
i don't think he's your average guy.
ah, right.
he sure doesn't seem so.
next is, er, contestant no. 18.
so, what is your name?
something like that doesn't really matter, does it?
number 9.
contestant shin!
yes.
number 3.
shin, huh? that's a name i've never heard before, all right.
we are continuing the drawing now.
when your name is called, please come immediately.
hey, goten, what was the name of this guy?
i wouldn't know something like that!
next, contestant spopovitch, if you please?
er...
contestant spopovitch! if you would?
hey, there's no answer! could he be this spopovitch?
that's it, it has to be!
hurry, let's go!
yeah.
spopovitch-san!
yes! i'm coming now!
i wonder what i'll get...
hmm? you're mighty mask-san, aren't you?
move it!
i'm spopovitch!
ah, pardon.
ow, ow ow!
l-idiot! now you've embarrassed us! what do you think you're doing?
what do you mean? trunks-kun, you said so, didn't you?
spopovitch-san, you've changed quite a bit from before.
i didn't realize it was you.
eh, number 6.
damn. if only that abnormal-looking jerk had answered sooner!
next is contestant jewel.
number 16.
right. contestant jewel is number 16.
oh, it's jewel!
he's the champion from my city!
he's really strong! he'll win for sure!
fool! there's no way he can win against mister satan!
goku-sa is still to come?
he's just gotta be victorious for me, no matter what!
well, victory's a matter of the luck of the moment.
vegeta an' piccolo are here too, ya know.
pa! this is no time for you to be talkin' like that!
our whole livin' depends on it!
goten had his victory taken away from him by trunks' dirty tricks!
that's why goku-sa has to win at any cost, an' bring home that prize money.
our family's finances are already so hard up,
our "wheel of fire" is about to have a flat!
next, son goku-san!
so, it's my turn! all right!
i wonder what number it'll be...
number 11.
my opponent ain't been decided yet, huh?
wonder who it'll be.
next, videl-san!
yes!
what's the matter with papa?
er, mister satan is having a rest.
number 5!
h-hey, when she says papa... you mean she's mister satan's daughter?
y-yeah, that's right.
ohh? i'd heard stories about him having a daughter,
but they look nothing alike. she's pretty cute, after all.
w-well, i guess so.
if you thrill her just a little bit,
i bet you could get her to marry you in a second, gohan!
h-how can you?! we're not even really seeing each other!
well, not to worry, not to worry...
contestant punter, number 2.
all right! he's going to be my opponent!
are you this kuririn guy?
oh, yeah i am.
i don't show any mercy, even to refuse like you!
i'm gonna pound you to a soft pulp!
ah, what a shame!
any way you look at it, that's the line of a weak guy posing as a strong one.
your abilities are already obvious.
wh-what did you say?!
why you... you're likely going to die!
better write out a will now, while you still can!
better prepare a coffin, too! i'm going to make yours a flashy funeral!
next, contestant vegeta.
number 12.
vegeta is number 12?!
number 12, contestant vegeta.
h-hey! goku and vegeta right from the get-go?!
vegeta, huh?
all right! kakarrot is my opponent!
i've been waiting for this! how i've waited for this moment!
the day i am victorious over kakarrot!
hey! both our dads are in the same fight together!
which do you think will win?
my father is going to win, for sure!
fool! my papa is a sure thing! and your dad's dead, isn't he?
he might be dead,
but big brother says he's been training in the other world.
mighty mask-san! mighty mask-san! i've been calling for some time.
ah, pardon me!
please, hurry and draw.
right.
number 13.
has mighty mask always been so high-torsoed?
next, contestant ma junior.
number 4.
i'm against him!
fine. maybe i can find out something about who he is.
next is the champion, mister satan's turn.
owing to his instructions, i will draw his lot in his place.
mister satan is number 10!
hey, they said your opponent is mister satan!
who is mister satan?
this isn't your day, is it?
for you to be up against papa right away...
finally, contestant yamu.
right! as expected, number 15.
all right! this is how it's been decided!
the first match will be contestant kuririn vs. contestant punter.
the second match will be contestant shin vs. contestant ma junior.
the third match will be contestant videl vs. contestant spopovitch.
the fourth match will be contestant kibit vs. contestant great saiyaman.
the fifth match will be contestant no. 18 vs. contestant mister satan.
the sixth match will be contestant son goku vs. contestant vegeta.
the seventh match will be contestant mighty mask vs. contestant killa.
the eighth match will be contestant yamu vs. contestant jewel.
the matches will begin right away.
i will lead you from here into the waiting room.
everyone knows the rules, i'm sure.
giving up, going down and having 10 counted,
falling out of the ring, called the bubutai, and killing your opponent will result in defeat.
also, since we are holding so many matches,
there is a 30-minute time limit on each match.
if after 30 minutes has passed and the match has yet to be decided,
a judgment will be imposed by the referee.
so now there's a time limit.
for you, just 10 seconds will be plenty!
i know, i know...
hmm, the 5th match, huh? who's my opponent?
i don't know anything about her, but she's a sharp-looking woman!
all right, ladies and gentlemen, we apologize terribly for the delay.
it's been too long! so, shall we get slightly rowdy?
and so, we're ready to convene the tenkaichi tournament!
an unprecedented tenkaichi tournament,
with a membership unlike any other in history.
the senior division is about to begin.
incredible battles seem ready to unfold!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
upon trunks winning the junior division,
a pair of mysterious men appear before the z warriors.
and so, the drawing for the tenkaichi tournament began.
vegeta, huh?
mister satan, number 10.
it's been too long! so, shall we get slightly rowdy?
right, ladies and gentlemen!
we are about to commence the tenkaichi tournament!
"what's the matter, piccolo!? an unheard-of no-fight-forfeit."
mister satan, the board with the matches for this tenkaichi tournament has been drawn up.
can we have your impressions at this time?
well, this time, from where i see it,
i would say that many high-level contestants have come together.
i hope they will stick it out well in the cause of advancing
and expanding the techniques of hand-to-hand fighting,
as they take aim at such a large star as myself.
as might be expected of mister satan!
always thinking about the world of hand-to-hand, aren't you?
of course, as champion, it's only natural.
champion, could you tell us your aspirations for this tournament?
well, there can be only one aspiration for someone aiming to be world champion.
can we take that to be a declaration of victory, then?
oh, no, you never know what might happen during the matches.
carelessness is forbidden.
such modesty!
moving along, does anyone know who my opponent is?
she's a lady contestant, named no. 18.
ho, a lady? no, this is too much!
he's known all along, and i told him.
piccolo-sen...
say, gohan-kun, that person has been just like that for some time now.
he's unusually uptight, isn't he?
that's not it in the least.
he does that to heighten his ki is all.
piccolo-sen, why are you so uptight? is it your next opponent?
you're sure fired up, aren't you goku?
i just can't seem to wait.
considering your first match is against vegeta,
it'll be like holding the final round right there.
i'm already excited!
piccolo...
yeah, he's pretty fired up too.
indeed, looks like you'll be my opponent in the second round, piccolo.
take it easy on me, okay?
right, goku?
and as for you, your opponent is the world champion for now.
spare him enough face accordingly.
leave it alone! i know, already.
videl's in the third match?
for some reason, i'm starting to get excited too!
not to worry.
videl winning is about as sure a thing as mister satan winning.
that's a good point.
oh, the great saiyaman is here!
"martial."
that means the second round will have a match between the two friends of justice!
that'll be interesting, huh?
hmph, i'm not even sure that yokel boy will even get past the first round!
listen up, raise your voices!
we, the satan city police will support videl-san with everything we've got!
here!
what's up, bulma? you're having an unusually fun time of it.
after all, trunks just won the junior division.
with that having sunk in, of course i'm happy.
vegeta will win the senior division,
and father and son will have won the tenkaichi tournament.
that'll be impossible!
his opponent is my goku-sa.
forget victory, vegeta will lose in the first round.
oh, we don't know that.
after all, trunks-kun beat out goten-kun.
it's an absolute certainty that goku-sa will be the victor!
as sure as the sun comes up in the west, goku-sa does not lose!
i'm sorry, but you know, vegeta has been undergoing ferocious training...
with my newly-modeled hyper-gravity device for five years now.
this time vegeta will win for sure!
goku-sa knows our family's livin' rests on him winnin'!
not like some people i could mention who are here to fight as their hobby!
vegeta will win!
goku-sa!
vegeta!
goku-sa!
h-hey! cut it out, you're both acting like children!
you shut up!
ooh, ow!
we apologize for the delay.
who from among this group will it be that stands at the pinnacle?
and so, we commence the matches!
first up is contestant kuririn vs. contestant punter.
good luck, kuririn.
well, guess i'll be back in a moment.
whaddya think you're...
oh, so that's where you were!
i thought maybe you'd run away again!
you've gotta have no luck to be my opponent right away!
well, don't worry yourself.
with any luck, you'll just have to be taken to the hospital.
and so, the two contestants take the ring.
contestant kuririn placed very well in this tournament during his younger years,
and this will be his first appearance in a long while.
he faces contestant punter, known for his ferocity,
who last tournament made it all the way to the semifinals,
where he unfortunately met with a loss by ringout.
this tournament, he naturally came with his eye on victory!
that man fighting with father looks big and strong. is he okay?
relax, relax. that guy is nothing at all.
your father is the strongest man in the world!
really?
yeah, really.
among earthlings, anyhow.
what's the deal with that difference in body size?
this is no excuse for a match!
that poor contestant kuririn!
oh, contestant punter!
even with that much difference in their size,
he doesn't appear to be going easy on him one bit!
contestant punter is here with a purpose!
so, how will contestant kuririn face off against him?
it's obvious! i'll have to make him understand
that the tenkaichi tournament is no place to play around.
it's no place for a pipsqueak pappy like yourself to come to.
man, this is no time to be wasting my energy on a bonehead like him.
once you set flame to punter's brutal way of fighting, he has no mercy.
and so, please begin the match immediately!
as you can see, i may be large,
but i'm also fast and nimble. got that?!
you know that it's useless for you to try to scamper away from me!
i got it, i got it. i won't run, i won't run.
it's too soon to lose heart yet!
i'll show you how tough i am next! go ahead and try punching me.
what's the matter? don't be shy!
well? well? well?
all right.
i accept your...
gracious offer!
right, ringout!
contestant punter, ringout! contestant kuririn wins!
awesome!
he did it, he did it! he did it, he did it!
father is strong!
told ya.
way to go! as good as ever!
i've been waiting for this!
the tenkaichi tournament has got to be just like this!
nice going, kuririn.
no problem.
piccolo, your turn is next. good luck!
hey, what are you so nervous about?
this isn't the kind of match you should be getting nervous over!
"what's up, yo" guys?
no fair, trunks-kun. let me have some too!
no way, we'll be found out! after the match!
but it's hot in here, i can't stand it!
ah, watch out! you can't just let go! here, have some.
ah, that was good.
continuing to the second match,
we will have contestant shin vs. contestant ma junior.
both contestants, will enter the ring.
i see now. this would appear to be quite an entertaining tournament.
and so, both contestants, if you would...
this is contestant shin's first tournament appearance.
he faces contestant ma junior,
who showed us an extraordinary final round battle in a tournament long ago,
one that i remember quite well!
uh, er, please don't destroy the stadium this time.
hey, isn't that one of the guys that got in the way
when mister satan fought cell?
you're right! unmistakable, it was on the tv!
what's the matter?
does he really bother you that much? this shin character?
yeah, guess so.
i don't know... he doesn't look all that great.
finally, we'll find out exactly the extent of this guy's battle power,
which so far we can't even guess at.
and so, our second match! please begin!
my power is failing me...
wh-why? for some reason, it's difficult to fight him...
yet i've just met him.
what's wrong?! why aren't they fighting?!
what's happening?
what's the matter? please begin!
stop messing around and go, already!
we came here to watch a match! we didn't come to see some staring contest!
time is running out! please, hurry and start!
u-unbelievable!
what's the matter with you, piccolo-sen?
that rotten...
j-just who is this guy? what is it about him?
you will know soon enough.
you will know soon enough.
but now, let's just enjoy the game.
piccolo!
what is the matter?
e-excuse me.
i withdraw.
w-withdraw?!
by withdraw, you mean you aren't fighting?
that's correct.
that's right, he used to be the kami over this planet.
perhaps he has already begun to sense who it is i am.
since contestant ma junior has withdrawn, contestant shin wins without a fight!
what was that? what's going on?! doesn't he feel well?
you're right, he does seem awfully pale.
piccolo-sen!
hey, piccolo...
that bad, piccolo?
yeah. our dimensions are too different.
you're kidding, right? stop joking around!
i have to fight against him next!
well, let's keep on going. next is the third match.
contestant videl vs. contestant spopovitch.
videl! videl! videl! videl!
you're incredibly popular, huh?
g-good luck, videl-san!
hey, spopovitch! it's your turn!
hey, you hear me?
it's time.
gohan-kun...
i'll be waiting for you in the second round.
contestant videl is, as everyone knows, mister satan's daughter,
as well as a friend of justice, who in cooperation with the police,
has helped punish many bad people.
at the tournament seven years ago, despite being a little girl,
she prides herself on winning the junior division.
she faces contestant spopovitch,
who was eliminated in the first round of the last tournament,
but having undergone an image change, is up to the challenge again.
videl! videl! videl!
the tenkaichi tournament reaches high tide with the appearance
of the ultra-popular videl.
however, there is a mysterious contestant, against whom even piccolo is powerless.
what is the nature of this shin?
and what is the meaning behind his gaze?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
the adult division matches for the tenkaichi tournament have finally begun!
first, kuririn showed off his overpowering strength!
however...
j-just who is this guy? what is it about him?
you will know soon enough.
you will know soon enough.
e-excuse me.
i withdraw.
withdraw?!
inconceivably, piccolo resigns himself to forfeiting without fighting!
can this mysterious young man shin really be that strong?
and so, contributing even more to this sense of confusion,
the third match, between videl and spopovitch, is about to begin!
"undyingly unpleasant!? the mystery of spopovitch."
videl! videl! videl!
how gross!
that guy's really occupied with something...
videl! good luck!
hey, videl will have an easy victory against that rat.
fight! fight! lovely videl!
whaddya know? gohan's girlfriend is unusually popular.
so it seems.
that kid is gohan's...? how about that?
gohan must know a thing or two about girls.
yeah! and besides, i've been hearin' she's a girl from a rich family,
and gohan's so good to his ma.
but she is the only daughter of mister satan.
something like that doesn't matter.
after all, that's a matter between the two of them.
and so, the third match,
between contestant videl and contestant spopovitch!
please begin!
what is it?
perhaps i'm mistaken, but m-might you be...
yes?
m-might you be the grand kaio-sama?
no. i am not.
he isn't the grand kaio.
this is kaioshin-sama.
k-kaioshin...?!
whoa!
contestant videl makes a lead-off attack!
such ferocity! she gives him absolutely no chance to hit back!
please keep this to yourself, for now.
i do not wish anyone to know just yet.
k-kaioshin-sama...
above the four kaio-sama stands the grand kaio-sama...
i had heard stories that higher still,
there was a kami that stood over the kaio-sama, but...
no wonder he should have a dimension so different than ours.
what's the matter, piccolo?
did he say something inappropriate to you?
if he did, want me to go over and snap at him?
after all, piccolo, you did use to be kami over the earth!
s-stop! don't say a thing! please! don't say anything! got it?!
that young man is k-kaioshin-sama?!
i've never even had the honor of meeting him.
why would such a figure go somewhere like earth?
oh!
contestant spopovitch is down already! i will begin the count!
contestant spopovitch has gotten to his feet!
looks like he still has plenty of get-up-and-go left in him!
spopovitch there sure does take a blow a lot stronger now.
i guess more than just his outward appearance has changed.
yeah.
when i first saw him, i didn't realize it was him.
contestant videl lands a terrific attack!
however, contestant spopovitch seems to be bearing it well.
contestant spopovitch is down... no! he's back up!
he's gotten up!
how's that girl doing?
she can go!
yeah, she has ability completely over his!
her techniques are landing one after the other.
hmph, what a low level of fighting...
she's connected once again!
she certainly is a gifted young lady when it comes to hand-to-hand!
the great man spopovitch is no match for her!
nice!
way to go, videl!
she's doin' pretty good, huh, that girl?
she sure is fit to be gohan's girlfriend, huh?
you really think so?! i do!
we gotta get those two married now, no matter what!
you gotta be kidding. that's really mister satan's daughter?
so? she's pretty good, isn't she?
no way!
whoa! contestant spopovitch once again rises as if nothing has happened!
what toughness he is displaying!
this proves to be an unexpected development.
contestant videl's ferocious attack does not seem to be registering.
"martial"
any damage on contestant spopovitch!
you sure are stubborn!
all right! it's over!
it's decided!
contestant videl lands continuous, terrible attacks!
not even contestant spopovitch can possibly, possib-
h-he's up.
i-impossible!
she's better off withdrawing from this match.
there's something weird about him.
withdraw? but videl's leading him!
that's right!
aah! videl!
heh, relax! videl's just playing around with him.
snap out of it!
i can't very well let you become gohan's bride like that!
looks as though chichi-san is about to become the fussy mother-in-law!
yeah.
aa! she'll fall!
oh, no!
she's... stopped.
how's this? contestant videl is flying in mid-air!
she has not yet fallen!
wh-what?!
what's going on?
nice going! nice going!
i taught her how to do that, the bukujutsu technique!
she may have been better off falling out just now.
there's something strange about that spopovitch guy.
he should have taken all that damage up until now,
yet he ain't bothered by it, and i can't feel any life's kiin him as such.
"life's ki as such"? what do you mean?
well, i don't know what it means.
what? videl is about to get beaten by spopovitch?!
y-yes.
there's some kind of mistake.
spopovitch was defeated by me in the first round of the last tournament!
videl has much greater strength than he does!
well, you see, it appears he has gotten much better since last time...
she's acting, she's acting! videl, you rascal,
you've learned from me, trying to stir up this tournament, aren't you?!
are you sure that's it?
that has to be it!
contestant spopovitch's neck has been broken!
she's done him in!
whoa! she killed him!
you mustn't look!
l-ladies and gentlemen, this is a most tragic conclusion.
according to the rules of this tournament, as contestant videl has killed her opponent, she is disqualifi-
wh-wh-wh...
what's this?!
his neck has returned to normal! how can this possibly be?!
wh-what is this?
goku is right. she'd better concede!
there's definitely something irregular about that punk!
oh! contestant videl is flying again!
yeah! that's good!
escape up into the air for a bit to recover some of your energy!
h-he's flying!
it can't be!
spopovitch can fly through the air too?
what is the secret of this man's strength?
moreover, how will the now-cornered videl fight against him?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the third match of the tenkaichi tournament, between videl and spopovitch, has begun.
videl, having received gohan's training, should have won easily. however...
just what kind of mystery is hidden within this unusual strength of spopovitch's?
"a tragic videl!! are you coming out, angry super gohan?"
h-how can this be?! contestant spopovitch is also flying!
it can't be!
h-hey, do you suppose this flying thing is becoming a trend?
u-unbelievable! he can do that? spopovitch?
absurd!
how is it he too can fly?
a kikoha blast?!
what kind of guy is this?!
th-that lousy creep!
it wasn't all that powerful, but he used a kikoha on her!
not quite!
by killing her, he would lose. he purposely kept the blast weak.
why would he?
he seems to have a lot more power than his own abilities can account for.
he shouldn't have the kind of power it takes to use the bukujutsu and kikoha techniques.
so what does it all mean?
i don't know. how is it he came to possess such power?
i don't care who or what he is!
i'm videl! i'm the daughter of mister satan, who defeated cell!
i am going to beat him for sure!
contestant videl is down! was that the decisive blow?
oh, contestant videl has not yet given up!
with her indomitable fighting spirit, she's trying to get up.
wh-who were you expecting would give up?
what?!
th-this is terrible!
what kind of guy is he?
stop, already!
if this keeps up, it'll mess up videl's face!
it doesn't look like she's going to get off as easy as just that!
hmm, they say my first round opponent is a woman, so when i win,
i'd better not strike too much of a "guts pose"
or it'll look like i'm being sarcastic...
this would be playing it up too much to the spectators.
hmm. it sure is hard having a woman for an opponent.
mister satan!
videl-san is having the daylights beaten out of her by spopovitch!
you've misspoken.
you mean spopovitch is having the daylights beaten out of him by videl.
no, that isn't...
i'm very busy right now!
i don't need these updates, just tell me what the outcome of the match is.
the outcome that videl has won, that is.
r-right...
don't toy with me!
contestant spopovitch has thrown contestant videl!
this could be all for her. defeat by ringout!
l-it's no use! i don't have the power left to fly.
oh! contestant spopovitch has saved contestant videl from a ringout loss!
what could he be thinking?
videl-san...
he's just playing around now.
however, contestant videl is not getting up.
could she be unconscious? reluctantly, i must begin the count.
that's enough! that's enough! just keep lying there like that.
don't get up! you can't get up!
"martial."
oh, she's up! contestant videl has gotten up!
such perseverance! what wonderful force of mind!
she's gotten up...
it's senseless! he's out of the ordinary! concede, already!
v-videl-san!
th-this is terrible!
contestant spopovitch is beating contestant videl black and blue!
that bastard...
that's enough! please, concede, videl-san...
i guess videl-san's match must be over by now. that's too bad.
it's all right! videl-san will last until the final round,
so she has plenty of matches to go.
it's terrible, it's terrible!
videl-san is getting beaten senseless!
what?!
hurry up! with our support, we can cheer some spirit back into videl-san!
yeah!
dammit! stop already!
videl-chan is going to die!
you've held up long enough! concede!
concede, already! videl-san!
videl-san, i agree with what the great saiyaman-san is saying.
don't you think it best if you concede?
n-no way'-!
i'll never concede!
wh-why are you being so stubborn?!
you're really going to get killed here!
he's not holding back because you're a girl, he doesn't have that kind of compassion!
that's awful! how could he?!
v-videl!
you bastard!
damn you! any more and i'll arrest you!
h-hey, gohan, relax!
it's all right, she ain't going to die.
th-this is terrible! contestant spopovitch,
i can't believe these are the actions of a human being!
a-ain't there anythin' left that can be done?
if this keeps up, that girl will be dead before she marries gohan!
gohan...
no!
i don't... i don't want to lose!
why you... you're going to pay now. you damned bastard!
h-hey!
this isn't right! calm down, gohan!
no way!
stopl!
the goofing around ends now, spopovitch!
i don't believe this is what we came here to do.
hurry up and win!
r-ringout! contestant spopovitch wins.
videl-san!
um, should i call for a stretcher?
no, i'll carry her.
spqpqvitch!
you'll pay for this! every last bit of you!
you got that?!
kuririn, do you have any senzu?
no. we all came here half for the fun of it, so...
i see. all right.
i'll go up to where karin-same is and bring some back.
relax, gohan! goku has just gone off to get some senzu!
senzu? really? all right!
wh-wh-what?!
videl has massive injuries and was defeated?
y-yes.
b-but that's impossible!
videl should be the strongest in the world, second only to me!
that fool! she must have got caught up in her techniques and dropped her guard!
videl! videl!
videl!
th-this is awful!
it's all right. there's no threat to her life.
who the hell are you?!
are you the one who did this to my daughter?
no, not him.
this boy kindly carried her in this far.
o-oh yeah, that's right.
her opponent was spopovitch, huh?
nice job. i'll give you an autograph later.
right, thanks.
well, you're in our way here, you can leave now.
right.
g-gohan-kun...
get... get him for me...
once i win this next match, i'll meet him in the second round!
what are you saying, videl?
that crazy kid doesn't have a chance!
i will be the one who takes out spopovitch!
l-i-it can't be!
you two aren't together, are you?!
l-i won't allow it! especially not that aggravatingly weak-looking boy!
i say it all the time, don't i?
you can't have a boyfriend unless he's stronger than your papa!
sflence.
here are your senzu.
thank you, karin-same!
now then, you mustn't let your defenses down, goku.
i have a bad feeling about what's about to happen.
yeah.
so do i.
what is this "bad feeling" that karin-same also has?
is there something extreme waiting to happen at this tenkaichi tournament?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
the third match of the tenkaichi tournament,
a fight between videl and spopovitch, went contrary to expectations,
as videl nearly has her life taken from her before spopovitch's overwhelming power.
why you... you're going to pay now,
you damned bastard!
the goofing around ends now, spopovitch!
i don't believe this is what we came here to do.
hurry up and win!
r-ringout! contestant spopovitch wins.
what exactly is it that yamu and spopovitch came to do?
there's something slithering behind the scenes at the tenkaichi tournament.
"exposed!! the saiyaman is son gohan."
still?
father's been awfully long.
yeah, with his instantaneous movement, he should have been right back.
it might be that karin tower didn't have any senzu.
oh, no, kuririn-san!
i'm going to go see how videl-san is doing again.
if father comes back, that's where i'll be.
you know, gohan...
i hate to say, but this looks like more to me than simply worrying over a friend, you devil.
videl! videl!
hey, are you sure she's okay?
she's all right. it will take some time, but there's no mortal danger.
if anything happens to videl, someone's going to answer to me!
mister satan! mister satan!
this is nathie, the reporter.
forgive me for intruding during your misfortune,
but what is the prognosis for videl-san?
please excuse us!
h-how is videl-san?
videl is the daughter of the world champion mister satan!
her method of training is not like that of others.
there's no cause for concern, so get lost.
i won't be giving any more autographs today.
er, do you have any words for contestant spopovitch?
i, mister satan, will avenge my daughter!
tell spopovitch to get ready for me!
i'm going to pound him into a quivering pulp!
please, another moment, mister satan! any other comments?
there's so many people there.
getting into the infirmary doesn't look possible.
i'm not going to concede!
videl beaten by spopovitch? what's going on? i can't believe it!
satan! satan! satan!
spopovitch-kun, for you to have to come against me in the first round,
your usual conduct must be pretty poor.
you have to learn more by watching me,
and becoming a better example of a good boy to everyone!
what?! don't make me laugh!
have you had enough yet?
dammit!
contestant mister satan wins!
videl, you must have taken spopovitch too lightly,
and just underestimated him, right?
i've told you since long ago that carelessness is your greatest enemy,
indeed what else could i do?
d-don't tell me this is because
you've started associating with that weakling boy!
i absolutely will not allow it!
gohan-kun'.!
what?!
i hope videl's okay.
lousy great saiyaman! who the hell are you?!
if only my camera hadn't broken back then!
i did it! i may not have seen clearly with my naked eye,
but my camera has surely captured his uncovered face for me!
i, shapner-sama, have uncovered the great saiyaman's true identity!
damn, this time i'll uncover his true identity for sure!
shapner! shapner!
do you think videl is okay?
sure she's okay.
i'm going to uncover his identity for sure!
it's the great saiyaman!
shapner, doesn't the great saiyaman resemble somebody?
i'll uncover his true identity!
is father still gone?
yeah. what could he be doing?
he'd be more charming if he acted like the dead man he is and held back a bit.
what a remarkable guy!
the food in the other world ain't all that yummy is all.
guess that's limited to the lower realm. yum!
goku, get back quickly! i have a really bad feeling about all this.
me too.
there's these guys named spopovitch and shin,
and so much seems about to happen!
looks like it's going to get interesting!
spopovitch, it may be these next two. look sharp!
it's all right.
as long as we have this, we'll know in a flash.
i want to get this settled quickly.
yeah.
kibit, i'll be relying heavily on you.
right.
"1. krillin i 2. pintar i 3. shin i 4. ma junior 5. videl i 6. spopovitch i 7. kibito i 8. great saiyaman 9. no. 18 i 10. mister satan i 11. goku i 12. vegeta."
next is finally gohan, right?
his opponent is a guy named kibit or something.
doesn't matter to me if he's kibit or shibit, my gohan will win! [shibitz dead]
that's true. gohan-kun will win easily.
he's the prospective victor, after all.
goku-sa is also a prospective victor!
that prize money'll be comin' to our house!
gohan! hang in there!
chichi-san, gohan-kun being the great saiyaman
is supposed to be a secret, right?
oh, no! i completely forgot!
continuing on, we now hold the fourth match!
ahem...
before that, we have an announcement!
this concerns contestant videl, who was here moments ago.
apparently, although she has sustained considerable injuries,
there is no danger to her life.
as such, those of you who are videl fans, please be at ease!
and now, the fourth match! contestants, please enter the ring.
the fourth match is between contestant kibit and contestant great...
er, pardon me...
can i ask you to wait a little while longer?
it doesn't matter if it's just a moment or two,
but there's a miraculous medicine that can heal videl-san.
my father should be bringing it back with him now.
ah, is that so? v-very well, if it'll only be a moment.
i beg your pardon.
we're sorry for the delay, but please wait one moment.
father, please hurry!
father, were there any senzu?!
yeah. lately there ain't been any made, i guess,
but there were three of them there.
thank goodness!
here, feed one to that girl.
thanks!
excuse me, please wait just a moment. i'll be right back!
this kibit guy ain't your average type either.
we don't know how deep the bottom is on that shin guy.
piccolo said our dimension was too different, though.
hmph, whoever these guys may be, it doesn't matter to me.
how long have i been waiting for this day?
all i need to do is fight with kakarrot and win!
hey, goten, what did your dad just bring with him?
gee, i don't know for sure.
seems to be some kind of medicine for that videl lady to take.
that lady sure did get it good.
she does pretty well, though.
i wish they would start this already.
our fight isn't until the seventh match. i'm getting tired of waiting.
i think i'm the one who's getting tired down here.
videl! videl!
papa?
oh, videl, you're coming to?
excuse me, please let me through!
excuse me, i'm coming in!
videl-san, i brought you something good!
see here! videl needs her rest, you! who said you could come in?
pardon me, i'm in a hurry.
wh-why you...!
g-gohan-kun, i...
it's okay, it's okay. can i coax you into trying to eat this bean?
sonny, sonny, this won't do!
we can't have you going around giving the patients strange things!
are you an idiot?! this is no time to be giving her candy!
you'll feel better right away.
i said no, and i mean no!
i'll take it.
knowing you, something amazing is sure to arise out of this, right?
yep.
v-videl, don't listen to what this guy is telling you!
hey! doctor, say something!
r-right! um...
now see here!
s-spit it out, videl!
okay. everyone's waiting for you.
sorry!
damn, that kid... i'm going to show him some pain later on...
videl...
i-i'm healed!
sorry to keep you waiting! everything's fine!
ladies and gentlemen in the stadium, we apologize for the delay.
and so, let's have them begin!
contestant kibit and contestant great saiyaman!
haven't we seen the great saiyaman somewhere...?
huh? isn't that son gohan?
what?! hey, let me borrow those for a second!
that hairstyle is a perfect match.
it really is gohan! he's kidding, right? he's the great saiyaman?!
no way, he couldn't be.
surely he's just borrowing the name so he can secretly enter in.
why would it be necessary for him to enter secretly?
look, the kid is really self-conscious, isn't he? that's why!
but can he really perform in hand-to-hand?
let's root for him! i know it won't do any good, but still...
gohan! good luck!
fight, gohan!
the championship may be out of the question,
but win at least one round!
still, who would have thought gohan would've been...
i-i've been completely found-out!
that's it! the thing i had wrapped around my head got taken off.
and i worked so hard to disguise myself!
way to go, gohan!
you look better without the sunglasses!
n-now what do i do?
it's gohan! for us to discover his identity so easily...
give me back the money for that camera!
apparently there have been some issues, but is everything all right?
in that case, begin the fourth match!
sorry...
i-i'm all messed up now.
if they learn my true power, it'll turn into a big deal,
and it will become harder for me to go to school and places,
like bulma-san said. that's why i had the disguise...
he doesn't seem to be the kind of opponent i can
get to let me win with the right kind of trickery...
turn yourself into this super saiyan business!
i want to test you,
to see if you will be of help to us if the situation arises!
huh? h-how do you know about super saiyans?
a-and what do you mean, be of help to you?
you will know the answer to that in any case shortly.
first, i must see the abilities of a super saiyan.
so, it begins...
y-you've got to be kidding me!
become a super saiyan in front of all these people?!
what is it? what are they talking about?
he told him to become a super saiyan.
how about it, those two?
no, it's not them. their energy is too low.
gohan!
piccolo-sen...
what, piccolo? is something up?
i don't know what exactly, but...
you must allow us to make use of gohan-san. my humble apologies.
and now, no matter what may happen,
i would ask that you please not move from here.
if you would be so kind...
what?!
what is this about?
well, turn!
damn, i-l have no choice.
i guess i'll give up school.
i don't listen to those i know nothing about.
tell us who you are!
th-this being is the kaioshin-sama!
he is the kami over all kaio, including the grand kaio!
ah! i've heard about you, from kaio-sama! kaioshin...
you're kaioshin-sama?
what are you doing, you idiots?!
how long are you two going to just gape at each other?
start the match, already!
you're wasting my time!
ahem, the match has begun.
you all shut up! somethin' awesome is about to happen here!
you just watch, ya morons!
gohan finally commits to turning into a super saiyan.
what is it yamu and his companion are after?
and what is kaioshin's goal? what could possibly be beginning here?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the fourth match of the tenkaichi tournament,
between the great saiyaman and kibit, was finally getting underway. however...
turn yourself into this super saiyan business!
i want to test you, to see if you will be of help to us!
further, shin, who is the kaioshin, said to goku and the others...
you must allow us to make use of gohan-san. my humble apologies.
and now, no matter what may happen,
i would ask that you please not move from here.
if you would be so kind...
and now, finally, gohan commits to turning himself into a super saiyan!
what exactly is going on behind the scenes at the tenkaichi tournament?
"a slithering conspiracy!! gohan's power is stolen."
as you wish, i will become a super saiyan.
i'm not sure exactly why, though.
when gohan becomes a super saiyan, then what is going to happen?
quite probably,
i believe gohan-san will be assaulted by those two from earlier, spopovitch and yamu.
however, as i said a moment ago,
please do not take any action against this.
sure we won't take action! gohan can easily defeat those two!
i'm not so sure.
kaioshin-sama, you think gohan will be beaten by them?
it is all right.
i do not think they will take his life from him.
it is more likely those two are only after strong energy.
energy?
shall i turn all the way into a super saiyan that has further overcome
the super saiyan wall?
what?! "further overcome the super saiyan wall"?!
hey, look at this!
terrific energy! it's him!
it can't be! he's transformed!
gohan-kun has... it can't be! it can't be!
wh-who would have thought that gohan was the golden warrior?!
th-that is the golden warrior, isn't it?
i-impossible! him?
how 'bout that?!
just like i said! right?!
somethin' even more incredible's gonna happen, so watch closely!
as you wished, i have become a super saiyan for you.
now what do we do? can i fight this way?
wh-what incredible power this is!
i can hardly believe he is of the lower realm.
hmph. that lowlife!
when he finished off cell, he had a lot more on him than this!
he's gotten soft during this peace, and has neglected his training!
even so, he has wonderful power, greater than i imagined.
as to whether or not i can contain that power...
contain it?
piccolo?
"tenkaichi tournament."
h-hey, when mister satan was fighting cell,
there were some guys like that there, huh? a handful of them.
you're right. they were there all right. he looks the same.
all right. let's take that energy from him!
be sure you hold him tight, spopovitch!
yeah!
they're here!
what?! you!
wh-what are you doing?!
wh-why?!
please trust me.
why you rotten...!
let me go, piccolo!
i told you, take no action!
i'll kill anyone who does anything funny! got that?!
please have patience...
o-outta my way!
wh-what are you doin' to my gohan?! goku-sa, what are you lookin' at?!
what are you doing to gohan-kun?!
let me go! gohan-kun will be killed!
gohan ain't going to die that easily.
why? tell me why?!
well?
be silent and look on.
why?
big brother's going to get killed!
why don't our papas go help him?!
i have to save him!
spopovitch! that's enough! we've absorbed a full portion of energy!
that was easier than i thought!
n yet'.!
do not do anything yet!
it's okay. kibit will soon restore son gohan-san back to normal.
what exactly is this all about?
i will now follow after those two such that they do not notice me.
after them?
if it is all right with you, you may all please come with me.
you will be of great help.
just what is going on?
what's happening down there?
g-g-gohan-chan...
wh-what should we do, goku?
i'm going with him! kaioshin-sama said that gohan will live, after all.
plus, i just gotta know what's happening here!
gohan-kun! are you okay? shake it off!
hurry and get a stretcher ready!
s-say, isn't that videl? it is, right?
it couldn't be!
i wonder if i'm just having a bad dream...
ow!
you're going, goku? w-well, maybe i'll go too.
i'm a little uneasy about it, though.
kuririn, what are you gonna do?
go on ahead first, i'll come as soon as i let my wife know.
right!
don't jerk me around, kakarrot!
what happened to our battle?! it comes the match after next!
vegeta, this ain't the time for that, is it?
don't you cheat me!
i don't know about this kaioshin or whoever, but his business doesn't matter!
all i want is to settle everything with you, one-on-one!
that's the whole reason i came to this ridiculous tournament!
okay, okay. i know how you must feel.
we'll fight later for sure, even if it ain't at the tenkaichi tournament.
okay? is that fine with you, vegeta?
damn it all!
you can only be in this world for one day, right?
so then you'll come with me. we'll do it over there!
now that's settled, let's go.
piccolo!
you can assure me that it's okay if i leave gohan in your hands?
it's all right. once i revive son gohan, i will go as well.
i believe son gohan will be going too.
dammit!
you are really getting on my nerves.
sorry, but that's the way it is.
i'm not going. there's no money in it, right?
yeah. well, make sure you don't kill anyone in your matches!
see ya!
if things get nasty, you get out of there!
right!
wh-where is everyone going?
you'll find out when you go too.
okay, please move aside. we need to carry him off!
just be quiet and watch.
b-but this man has collapsed!
w-we'll leave it to you!
his full power has not returned even yet! his power knows no end!
you know, i cannot believe there are those among mankind
under the power of such great, such pure energy!
it's no wonder they were after it.
what?! what's going on?! goten, did your brother just lose?
i hope big brother is okay.
where did our papas fly off to?
that's enough, son gohan.
gohan-kun! you're okay, aren't you?
it's like i have more power than before!
wh-who are you?
come with me. i will tell you everything.
hey, have you seen videl?
ah, the young lady is over there.
she's with that kid again!
dammit! i don't care if he did heal videl's injuries with that mysterious bean,
i absolutely forbid them to associate!
say, can i come along with you?
there are lots of things... i want to know. please?
no, you'd better not.
there's going to be some danger for sure.
i know that much, more or less.
i won't get in the way, i just want to come along.
i'm coming, even if you say no.
videl?!
can you promise me that when things get dangerous, you'll be sure to run away?
okay. let's go.
thanks!
she's f-f-f-flying...
v-videl's flying through the air!
starting a few moments ago, everyone has been flying.
v-videl, i...
should have grounded you.
wow! that joke sure is an old one!
i got a bad feelin' about this.
wh-what about the tenkaichi tournament?!
with this, the majin-sama can return to life!
babidi-sama will be so pleased!
"tenkaichi tournament."
what do you suppose happened to the tenkaichi tournament?
the broadcast relay has stopped,
and there's nothing but mister satan's face now!
hey!
so, you have come after all.
this will be most helpful.
if i cannot borrow your powers, we will not likely win...
not win? you mean against those two?
no. those two are merely being used by an extremely clever.
"madoshi," or a warlock.
a madoshi?
yes.
long ago, around the time when mankind on earth
was just starting to walk on two legs...
deep in space, there was an evil madoshi named bibidi.
one day, this bibidi accidentally conjured up an extraordinary monster.
this incredibly fearsome majin was named boo.
boo? he sounds like a fart...
majin boo had no reason or feeling,
and did nothing but perform destruction and savagery over and over.
he was a monster born only to raise terror in living things.
in only a few years,
he had turned many hundreds of planets into worlds of death.
something along those lines sounds like us saiyans...
no, veg eta-san.
at the time, there were five kaioshin.
each of us were such that we could have defeated the likes of freeza in one blow.
among the kaioshin, four of us were killed by majin boo.
incredible!
that punk! he can read minds too, can he?
majin boo's ferocity was more than even his creator bibidi could handle.
in any case, time came when he needed to rest,
so he temporarily sealed majin boo inside a ball so he could not move.
bibidi brought the sealed majin boo to this earth.
the earth was supposed to have been his next target.
th-that's unbelievable!
it was our chance.
kaioshin-sama was able to kill bibidi before he could break the seal.
however, majin boo's sealed ball was left as it was.
but why? you could have destroyed it way back then!
it was thought best not to stimulate it any more than necessary.
besides, madoshi bibidi was supposed to have been the only one
who could break the seal.
supposed to have been?
quite recently, we discovered something terrible.
madoshi bibidi had a child!
he was another madoshi, who had the same heart of evil as his father.
the child's name was babidi.
madoshi babidi?
it seems that babidi is nearly ready to break majin boo's seal.
the identity of those squirming around behind the scenes
at the tenkaichi tournament becomes clear.
kaioshin shin and the others' goal is to stop the actions of the madoshi babidi.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
the instruments of evil, yamu and spopovitch, make their move,
and throw the tenkaichi tournament into great confusion!
that was easier than i thought!
so, you have come after all. this will be most helpful.
if i cannot borrow your powers, we will not likely win...
not win? you mean against those two?
no. those two are merely being used by the madoshi.
the situation grows more and more tense.
who is this madoshi that kaioshin is afraid of?
what is he like? and what is to become of the tenkaichi tournament?
"the man behind the curtains appears!! the evil madoshi babidi."
that went well!
when we bring him this much energy, babidi-sama will be most pleased!
we are sure to get a fine reward! let's hurry!
yeah!
in other words, in the distant past, this incredibly terrible monster,
majin boo, conjured up by madoshi bibidi,
was sealed up somewhere here on earth, is that right?
yes. the only one able to break that seal was madoshi bibidi,
and so we were relieved.
however, as we recently learned, madoshi bibidi had a child.
that child has now come to earth.
and he's the one who's manipulating yamu and spopovitch?
yes. madoshi babidi has the same heart of evil as his father bibidi.
majin and madoshi and such.
nothing but bizarre guys popping up, huh?
so, in short, we have to see to it that this majin boo ain't revived, right?
that is correct. that means we must defeat madoshi babidi.
babidi is the only one who can break the seal on majin boo now.
so is he strong, this babidi?
he uses formidable magic, but he doesn't have any great power himself.
his father bibidi was the same way.
however, a madoshi can seize upon the hearts of evil men
such as yamu and spopovitch, and manipulate them.
it'd be nice if he didn't keep such tough people at his side.
so what did spopovitch and yamu come to the tenkaichi tournament for?
what is it they did to me?
in order to revive majin boo, who has been sealed up for such a long time,
it seems they need a great deal of unpolluted energy.
unpolluted energy?
babidi sent those two to the tenkaichi tournament,
with the aim of collecting such energy quickly.
once you turned super saiyan, your energy became their greatest target.
both myself and kaioshin-sama knew that babidi would probably do so,
so we slipped in as well.
we wanted to know where babidi was.
once we had come to earth, we searched around some,
but the ball that majin boo had been sealed in was no longer where it was in the past.
it had been moved somewhere else.
that's why we wanted to follow those two, so we could learn where babidi is.
v-videl-san...
you okay?
y-yeah...
if this majin was so terrible,
why did you leave him alone when you killed babidi's dad way back then?
it could not be helped.
if we had damaged him in the wrong place,
we might have accidentally broken the seal.
besides, we were at ease.
the ball majin boo was sealed in was in a place where mankind on earth,
who had just barely started walking upright,
would find it impossible to go to.
what happened to the matches?!
start them up now!
don't you try making fools of us!
please, wait a moment! we are currently in conference!
please wait a moment longer!
what's going on?!
both videl and son gohan just took off flying somewhere.
it's been a strange day, huh?
videl got beaten senseless, then suddenly she's okay again,
and even flying around...
you don't suppose it's all some kind of trick?
the way mister satan said before?
l-it has to be. this has got to be a trick!
never mind son gohan, it's unthinkable that videl could fly through the air.
oh, so that's what this is?!
everyone's joined together to play a trick on us!
when you take a good look at it, this is such a waste!
i'm going to give them a piece of my mind when i see them at school.
hurry it up! we came to see a match!
please do not throw things! please don't throw things!
goten, what's going on?
i dunno...
at this speed we will not be able to catch up to kaioshin-sama.
we're going to raise our speed a bit more.
r-right!
uh, just a second...
videl-san, i don't think you should overexert yourself.
i hate it...
but i can't do any more.
we're already going so fast i can't keep my eyes open.
videl-san, you've just barely started flying is all.
you really should go back.
we don't know what's going to happen from here on.
it looks like it's going to be far worse than we can imagine.
i guess that's all i can do.
any way i think it through, i'd just be in the way.
regrettable thought it may be...
thanks. go back to the tournament grounds.
if you find goten or mother there, explain to them what's happening here.
understood.
but gohan-kun, you were the golden warrior after all, weren't you?
y-yeah. i'm sorry i had to lie to you. i didn't want anyone to know.
seven years ago, during the fight with cell,
those strange people there at the ring were you guys, huh?
that child who was there together with them was you, gohan-kun, right?
yeah.
and it was probably you guys that beat cell, not my papa.
well, that is...
i knew it!
it's okay. you don't have to worry over it.
i'd always thought it was a little strange that papa defeated him.
it's a load off clearing that up.
hang in there, gohan-kun. beat this madoshi babidi and save us all!
mm-hmm.
gohan-kun! i'll be waiting for you at the tournament grounds!
right!
is it all right now?
yes, please excuse us!
well then, let's raise our speed. we must catch up to kaioshin-sama.
right!
wh-what speed they have!
don't die, gohan-kun.
if you come back safely, i want to date you and stuff...
ah, we've caught up!
father!
oh, it's gohan!
hurry on up here!
gohan, we've been waiting for you.
right.
have you heard?
our enemy this time seems to be some incredibly terrible guy!
yes.
well, it's been some time. should we get rowdy?
i'm sure of it.
goku is all eager, but are we all right?
it sounds like it's going to be pretty bad.
they're here...
there it is.
they've started to descend.
around here?
odd. i thought we'd investigated this area once.
gentlemen, please hold your ki. is that clear?
there's someone there.
is that babidi?
no, it isn't. he must be one of babidi's henchmen.
say, there's something strange about the ground, but just in that area.
it's like it's been dug up.
that's it! babidi must have buried his spaceship in the ground to hide it.
that's why we searched all over and still didn't notice it.
which probably means that babidi knows we've come to earth.
otherwise he wouldn't have taken the trouble to hide his ship.
shouldn't we attack now?
before they can revive majin boo with the energy stolen from gohan?
it's all right.
majin boo's revival should be conducted outside the spaceship,
in order not to damage it.
let's watch and wait a little longer, until that time comes.
someone's coming out.
dabural!
it couldn't be... dabura?!
babidi has placed the king of the demon realm within the palm of his hand?
dabura? which one, the big one?
yes.
is he pretty awesome?
of course.
he is the king of the demon realm of darkness, after all.
wh-what's the demon realm of darkness?
there's another world on the opposite side of this world.
in this world, one of you guys is probably number one,
but dabura is absolutely tops in this other, demonic world.
king of the demon realm, you say?! such a world really exists?
this guy must be incredibly dangerous! all this can't be real!
which means that little one must be madoshi babidi, right?
yes.
that guy? that's the guy?
of his own power, he's certainly helpless,
but he uses fearsome magic, so you must not underestimate him.
it's strong enough that he made dabura one of his henchmen.
then babidi's magic is strong enough
to make even the kingpin of the demon realm surrender to him?
no. we believe he probably takes a hold of
the evil and greed in his victim's hearts, and uses it to steer them as he pleases.
in that sense, dabura is the most suitable henchman there is.
truth is, that's the most horrifying magic babidi possesses.
yamu, spopovitch and all his other henchmen are governed by that magic.
that's why those of us like yourselves without evil in their hearts
are the only ones who can fight against him.
those without evil in their hearts, eh?
but doesn't that rule piccolo out? he was born a demon clansman and all...
that was a long time ago!
you have a full tank of energy here?
y-yes!
you know, having dabura here was a great miscalculation.
to think of having babidi and dabura together...
are you trying to say our chances of winning have all but disappeared?
hmph, if majin boo is revived, it's the end of the world, huh?
i won't have it! i won't be beat by them!
th-this is going to be pretty dangerous, all right.
kuririn, you'd better go back.
this is a lot more tough than we thought it would be.
l-i think i might just do that.
this doesn't appear to be the level where i can help out.
that and not many days have passed since you got married and all...
y-yeah, i've got a wife and cute little daughter too...
well, i hate to do so, but...
you've done well.
this brings us considerably closer to majin boo's revival!
hey, with our powers, it was an easy job, not even worth mentioning!
your use to me has now passed.
"boom!" every time i hear it, it sounds good, huh?!
yes. i think so as well.
well then, i will do him...
puipui, i bet you'd like a try, right?
yes!
nice shot!
th-they did in their own... what kind of guys are these?
at last, the ringleader of evil, madoshi babidi shows himself!
the king of the demon realm of darkness is together with him!
there's a vile sense that extraordinary events are about to occur!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
during the fourth match of the tenkaichi tournament,
between kibit and son gohan,
yamu and spopovitch suddenly force their way in and steal gohan's energy,
and then head off toward madoshi babidi.
goku and the others join kaioshin in following after them.
it's babidi!
dabura's together with him!
your use to me...
has now passed.
madoshi babidi at last reveals himself...
as well as the king of the world of darkness, dabura.
"the awaiting trap!! a challenge from the demon realm."
that was so pathetic!
that last look on yamu and spopovitch's faces!
indeed, watching that is one of my little pleasures.
we will be able to see many more of those faces here on earth.
you're right!
how awful!
how could they?
that's how he...
how madoshi babidi works.
babidi takes the strongest warriors from all over, brings them together...
and uses his magic to make them obey him.
once they're no longer useful to him, he disposes of them like trash.
he intends on gathering the energy
to revive the sealed-up majin boo the in same way.
now then, dabura...
yes?
just as i expected,
it seems yamu and friend brought plenty of grubs along with them...
along with kaioshin, who so long ago killed my father.
they seem to think that they are hiding from us.
in all... seven of them...
even if we can't make use of kaioshin and kibit's energy,
three of them appear to have the wonderful energy
necessary for majin boo's revival.
i'd say so. even with just those three,
we can probably obtain more than enough energy.
to think that majin boo's revival would come so quickly!
lure the three of them inside the spaceship, okay?
that's the surest way to draw their energy from them.
right. however, kaioshin is not likely to let that happen.
polish off all but those three. then hurry back inside the ship.
i think those three will fly off the handle and are sure to follow you inside.
i see. that is my role, then?
that's it. don't polish off kaioshin, okay?
he killed my father, after all.
afterward, i'll kill him slowly and surely myself.
i understand, babidi-sama. i will leave that pleasure for you.
well, it's up to you now.
right!
b-babidi-sama! what about me?
puipui, dabura alone can handle this. you come inside too.
i'll let you handle the first stage.
right!
huh? they left dabura alone and went inside!
well, let's do this.
we've been found out!
kibit!
ki bit-san!
dammit!
watch out!
oh, no! dabura's saliva is...
what?!
why, you...!
hey!
wham?
kuririn-san!
piccolo! kuririn!
piccolo!
what the hell's happening?
s-stone...
anyone who comes in contact with dabura's saliva turns to stone!
what?!
piccolo!
you mustn't! you must not touch him!
why not?!
if you touch them and somehow break them,
there will be no way to return them to normal again.
it can't be! damn you!
damn you!
go on home, now! no one can defy babidi-sama!
ladies and gentlemen, please quiet down! please quiet down!
until the situation becomes more clear,
the tenkaichi tournament will stand in recess for now.
what are you doing?! go!
hurry and get it going!
recess, huh? i wanted to hurry up and have our match...
this is all your brother's fault!
he let himself be beaten by those strange guys.
this isn't big brother's fault!
if it wasn't for that, the matches would have continued.
stop saying bad things about big brother!
ow! now you've done it, you...!
ah, ouch!
what, what?!
what's the matter?
are you all right, mighty mask-san?
owwww...
are you hurt?
no! i-i'm fine!
snap out of it!
what about you! hold still!
ow! watch where you're going!
i wonder if he's feeling okay...
kuririn-san... piccolo-sen...
kaioshin-sama, you just said that if we broke them, we couldn't return them to normal, didn't you?
well that must mean there's some way to return them to normal, ain't there?
l-it's just...
not unless dabura were to die...
what now, that's a simple enough way, ain't it?
father, let's go! we are going after all, aren't we?
we have to save kuririn-san and piccolo-san!
naturally! let's go!
ah, wait just a moment!
we can't let ourselves cater to the enemy's strategy!
once we enter the enemy ship, we play right into their hands!
we have to wait and watch a little while longer!
i can't just leave kuririn and piccolo like that!
me either!
sorry, man.
just lingering around isn't one of our stronger skills.
of all the...!
all right, let's go!
right!
they're here! they're here!
they really are simple fools, aren't they?!
they have entered our trap.
what's this? where are we? sure is a tidy room.
there's a door over there. why don't we try breaking through it?
yeah.
what's this? kaioshin-sama, you've come after all?
it's because you fellows are so reckless!
once one enters this ship, there is no leaving it!
at least not until we defeat babidi, i'm afraid.
well, let's just defeat babidi then.
hmph! if we had to, we could always destroy the whole ship.
you must not! any strong shock could awaken majin boo!
you are all taking babidi and majin boo too lightly!
even though majin boo's energy may be incomplete,
he should still have enough destructive power to kill all of us
and destroy the earth in a short time!
now kaioshin is here too? this is great!
you know, this really is a bleak room.
babidi-sama... babidi-sama...!
oh, puipui?
yes. isn't it just about time?
sorry to keep you waiting.
well, take the energy from those three and then come back down.
right! leave that to me!
oh, i nearly forgot! we have to inject this energy right away.
come along, dabura. we know how this will turn out without watching.
r-right!
welcome! this is the first stage.
first stage?
what's that?
babidi-sama is on the very bottom floor.
however, unless you pass through the various stages,
and defeat each of the warriors that come out, you cannot proceed downward.
your opponent for the first stage is me. which means...
you guys are finished here!
nah. i don't think that's going to happen!
wh-what's this?!
this much energy in one session?!
we've collected nearly half of it all at once!
what's this?!
how many hundreds of people did yamu and spopovitch gather this from?
well, i did not ask them.
if they gathered this great an energy in such a short time,
i guess i shouldn't have killed them.
oh, it will be all right.
i think that with the energy being collected from those three in stage 1,
there will be nearly enough to fill it up to the top.
if all goes well, majin boo's revival can be realized within the day.
that is what we lured those guys in here for, after all!
let's see. you never know, puipui may have already taken care of all three of them.
let's go, dabura.
let's see...
huh? what, aren't they fighting yet?
tie, go again! tie, go again!
tie, go again! tie, go again! tie, go again!
wh-what are those guys up to?!
i did it!
nice going, vegeta!
all right then, i go first.
uh, er...
you're thinking of fighting him alone?
of course i am! me by myself is plenty against a guy like this!
babidi-sama said to be careful since you all have such strong energy,
but apparently, you're all just fools!
are you sure it isn't this babidi guy that's the fool?
he didn't check things out very well, and now he's going to regret not realizin'...
that the very strongest guys in the universe were right here on earth, of all places.
very strongest ?
you guys are the most full-fledged of fools!
we must not make light of the enemy!
babidi only takes the strongest warriors from the corners of the universe
and allies them to himself!
hey, hey, it'll be okay, let's just see about leaving this to vegeta.
but...
there's no way you guys are getting away from here!
and the damage you guys take will be absorbed by this room as energy,
and directed into the ball majin boo-sama is sealed in.
i'm relieved to hear that.
it means that as long as we take no damage, no energy will be taken, right?
that's right!
but unfortunately for you, that's impossible!
not as long as i'm here!
what an unpleasant punk you are.
enough talk. let's get this overwith!
bring it on!
this kid named vegeta...
veg eta-san...
the fight in the first stage has finally begun.
vegeta is quite sure of himself, however...
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
having been spat upon by dabura, king of the world of darkness,
kuririn and piccolo have utterly turned to stone!
in order to return them to normal,
goku and the others enter into the spaceship.
they're here! they're here!
they really are simple fools, aren't they?!
they have entered our trap.
madoshi babidi's plan is to gather the greatest energy in the world,
in order to revive majin boo, who was sealed up in the distant past.
babidi-sama is on the very bottom floor.
unless you pass through the various stages,
and defeat each of the warriors that come out, you cannot proceed downward.
goku and the others have made their way inside babidi's mysterious spaceship.
will they be able to defeat the warriors who will appear
and reach babidi's command center?
the first stage has begun!
"don't toy with mel! vegeta's breakthrough first strike of fury."
you're better than i thought! but that's as far as this goes!
see? just as i said.
vegeta alone will be plenty for this.
over here, fool.
incredible...
just what we expect of vegeta-san.
he's a lot more intense than before.
vegeta has kept up his training as well, huh?
what is that puipui doing?
doesn't he know that unless he inflicts damage on those men,
we can't gather the energy we need to revive majin boo?
oh, this is where it begins.
it appears that puipui had left his guard down somewhat.
what's the matter? is that all?
what?
damn you!
hey! where is it that puipui is accustomed to?
the heavy gravity planet zun.
hmm, planet zun, eh? okay!
papparapa!
wh-what? what's happened? where are we?
this is the work of babidi.
he has changed the room with his magic...
probably to a place that benefits his fighter.
that's really something.
but goku-san, now vegeta-san is...
well, let's just watch.
you fool! this is as far as you go!
this is planet zun! i was raised on this planet!
the gravity here is ten times that of earth!
you guys can't endure this!
what about it? in only ten times normal gravity, i don't feel a thing.
wha...
you lie! i know you're bluffing!
you'll know whether i'm bluffing or not soon enough.
impossible! die!
i told you i wasn't bluffing, didn't i?
dammit!
he did it!
hmph, that babidi creep sent me a worthless opponent!
look! there's a hole opening up to let us go down.
it's like an elevator, isn't it?
this is like a video game!
an insignificant game!
hey! let's go, kaioshin-sama!
l-it can't be...! to think that they're 50...!
hey, this is the same kind of room as the last one, ain't it?
yeah, but the room will change with magic, like it did before, won't it?
what are guys with that kind of power doing on earth?
indeed. 300 years ago, when we investigated here,
there weren't any guys such as these.
dammit...
however, at that level, there is no cause for worry.
there are still many stages left,
and if the worst comes to pass, lam still here for you, am i not?
recess, huh? i wonder what's goin' on.
wh-what is it?
wh-what's the matter, chichi?
where's goten-chan?
what's happened to goten-chan?! (eaten-chain's gone off somewhere!
huh? now that you mention it, we haven't seen him in a while, huh?
hmm, and trunks as well.
once the junior division was over,
we'd agreed to watch the matches together.
you don't think the shock of trunks winnin' the final round
made him run off somewhere?
you thinkin' maybe he's gone home?
say, trunks-kun...
i'm getting thirsty, let's take a break!
yeah, okay.
this is pretty tiring business, huh? the two of us posing as one person.
that way! that way!
this way! this way!
ah, right. i have to tell contestant mighty mask about this as well.
this way! this way!
this way! this way!
in here, in here!
all right, no one else is in here!
there he is.
trunks-kun, hurry and get down!
just a second!
don't rush me!
hm? children's voices?
right, right, pardon me! indeed, how bothersome...
ah, i'm so busy, so busy!
unbelievable, how everyone litters like this! i declare!
er, i'm in a bit of a hurry myself...
yea! juice, juice! juice...
um... this one!
of all the...
contestant mighty mask!
huh? you two... trunks-kun and goten-kun, isn't it?
y-yes!
only participating contestants are supposed to come in here, you know.
ah, um, we were hoping to get mister satan's autograph.
that's right! and juice.
hmm, well, okay.
you two had such high marks in the junior division, after all.
so, where's contestant mighty mask? i'm sure he came into this room.
isn't this contestant mighty mask's?
where could he have gone?
no, uh, i mean...
mighty mask-san?! where are you?
oh, he's in the shower?
well then, mighty mask-san!
no! no, no!
he'll be very angry with you if you peep in on him!
mm? ah, right!
masked contestants hate having people see their real face more than anything.
gotcha, gotcha.
well, mighty mask-san!
mighty-sen!
wh-what is it?
at last. we don't know for sure when the tournament will begin again,
so please don't go outside, okay?
yeah, got it.
that'll do it.
now then, don't you two wander around here too much, okay?
now it's my turn to fight.
so, i wonder what kind of guy will be coming out.
i sure hope he's impossibly strong!
babidi-sama, which warrior shall we send to stage 2?
i'll make it yakon.
yakon! you're going to use up yakon on stage 2?!
we must not take these earthlings too lightly, i think.
see how puipui inflicted absolutely no damage at all on them?
i see. however, with yakon as their opponent,
they will all be defeated at once, and there will be nothing left for me to enjoy.
shouldn't your first priority right now be that of awakening majin boo
from his long sleep, rather than enjoying yourself?
y-yes! my humble apologies!
stage 2 is yakon! relay that!
ya kon-sama!
yakon!
sorry to keep you waiting so long! it's your turn now.
fight to your heart's content!
yes, babidi-sama...
hey! ready yet? hurry up and come on out!
this is senseless!
why don't we knock our way through the floor and head down there all at once?
you must not!
as i said before, if we provide any strong shock,
then even if he's not at full power, majin boo might...
hmph, at this rate, how do we know that majin boo isn't all that great either?
the same way that dabura scum isn't.
dabura isn't all that great? how do you mean?
i'm saying that dabura doesn't seem to be the fearsome scumbag
you guys make him out to be.
based on what we saw of his attacks outside earlier,
as long as we're careful of his saliva, we could have taken him.
there's no way to explain kibit being beaten, except that he bungled it.
l-is this true, goku-san?
mm-hmm. well, even supposing that wasn't his full power,
a little while ago, we would have thought him a terrifying foe.
seven years ago, there was this guy named cell.
he probably has the same strength as him.
l-i can't believe it. is this super saiyan thing really that strong?
come to think of it,
it was considerably difficult to contain gohan-san's movement
when he had turned super saiyan...
was even that still not their full power?
hey! hurry it up, already! this time it's my turn, you know!
what do we have here?
yakon! be sure to put away all three of them this time for me!
th-this is...!
the demonic beast, yakon, appears at the second stage.
so, we will now be able to see son goku fight after such a long time!
stay sharp, goku!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
madoshi babidi conspires to gather the greatest energy in the world,
and revive a sealed-up majin boo.
to return kuririn and piccolo, who had been turned to stone,
back to normal, goku and the others enter the spaceship.
in order to proceed to the command center, where babidi and dabura are,
they must defeat the opponents that appear at each of various stages.
papparapa!
vegeta easily beats puipui, breaking through stage 1.
l-i can't believe it.
is this super saiyan thing really that strong?
now, at the second stage, the space beast maju yakon appears!
"goku's power wide open!! blow away yakon."
that's an unusual guy that's come out, huh?
which one of you should i devour first?
i'm gonna be your opponent.
you're huge, but somehow, you ain't too smart-looking, are you?
c-could this be y-yakon... maju yakon?
maju yakon?
yes. he's incredibly strong, one of the fearsome demon beasts of the universe!
g-goku-san, single-handedly, you couldn't...
yakon! take their energy from them!
hurry and revive majin boo for me!
that was close!
he's enormous, yet still so agile!
which is why i spoke earlier! let us all fight him!
ah, no. i think everything will be all right with father by himself!
l-it couldn't be!
you've fled well. but that won't happen this time!
what a surprise! you can shoot those sickle-like claws out?
he's jittery, he's jittery!
this will be an easy victory for yakon, indeed!
let's shake him up even more, and end this fight all at once!
good, yakon!
yakon, as impressive as ever!
you can kill all three of them, except for kaioshin!
take in your fill of energy!
this will ensure the return of majin boo!
in order for you to finish this battle quickly,
i'm taking you to your beloved pitch-black world of darkness,
planet ankoku!
babidi-sama, even without sending them to planet ankoku,
yakon will be sufficiently victorious.
i suppose.
however, if they fight inside the spaceship, and supply any strong shock to it,
majin boo might emerge with his power only partly intact.
if we're going to do this at all,
we want him at his original strength, don't we?
quite so.
well, shall we go for it?
papparapa!
what, it's a rock?
hey now, i can't see a thing! this really is completely dark!
what a fix...
this is my cherished planet ankoku.
i can see quite well! you're scratching your head, right?
huh?
planet ankoku?
y-yakon's home planet.
it is far out in space, where sunlight cannot reach it,
and so it is always completely dark!
you're mine!
one down...!
where are you?!
right here!
c-can you tell what is going on?
yeah, more or less.
can you see?
you're taking us too lightly!
i may not be able to see with my eyes, but i can still understand your motions.
through subtle changes in air current and so on.
besides which, there are many different ways to see you.
for instance...
what's this?! what's going on? he's different than he was before!
oh, he is merely glowing.
say, bring me an energy meter! the most powerful meter there!
right!
now it's bright. that's father for you.
how's that? now you understand, right?
it doesn't matter to me how dark it gets!
i see. i know now that the darkness is of no use to me.
what, you don't seem at all nervous...
babidi-sama'.!
th-three thousand kili?
h-how does an earthling have an energy of three thousand kili?!
three thousand kili...
with only two or three hundred kili, one could destroy a planet or two...
most peculiar. there is no reason mankind such as this should exist on earth.
maybe the meter is malfunctioning?
however, supposing it really is three thousand kili,
yakon cannot win against him!
yakon's energy is only eight hundred kili, after all!
how long are they going to make us wait, anyway?
i wonder how long it will be before they start again.
what's going on?
"food."
delicious!
so good!
another serving! another serving!
i'm full, i'm full!
that was good!
trunks-kun, excuse me, but would you pay for this?
oh... i don't have any money!
but trunks-kun,
what about your prize money from winning the tournament junior division?
i still haven't gotten it!
they said i would get it when everything's over, after an awards ceremony.
what should we do?
y-you there!
yikes, they found us.
run!
meal thieves!
owie, owie, owie!
hey, there...
goten-chan, so this is where you've been!
hold it!
pay up!
uh, these people will pay you! so long!
victory is mine.
wh-what's this?!
huh? it's gone back to complete darkness again!
wrong! he's been turned from a super saiyan back to normal.
tasty!
i've never eaten light so delicious and with such volume before!
you eat it?
m-maju yakon eats the energy of light!
goku-san, your energy as a super saiyan is undoubtedly his greatest food!
father, you can't turn super saiyan any more!
apparently that guy eats the energy of light!
that's right! that was the best light just now!
if it were possible, i wish you could treat me yet again!
you're a strange one!
fine! i will treat you some more!
what?
here goes!
what is he thinking?
father! i'll fight too!
with the two of us, we can win without turning super saiyan!
nah, i'll do this by myself. you stay out of it.
yea! i'm so happy you're so stupid! i will feast again!
l-it really is stupid!
wh-why is he being so particular about fighting by himself?
this is not a game!
be quiet and let him do this!
kakarrot has some kind of idea. he's no fool.
i'm being sucked in! you expect me to give in?!
yakon, you fool!
what am i supposed to do with you sucking up all his energy?
what a waste!
unless the energy is taken from him by inflicting damage,
majin boo can't absorb it, you know!
l-lncredible!
father, you did it!
so that's it...
wha...?!
impossible!
it's open, it's open!
we can go on to the floor below!
right!
kaioshin-sama, hurry up!
h-he exploded! yakon! how come he exploded?
he was a fool.
it appears he played right into the enemy's hands.
he ate more light energy than he could contain.
no! it was weird there!
at the last moment, yakon puffed up all of a sudden...
that was awesome, father!
that incredible ki, right when you defeated that monster!
yeah, i guess.
so, that rotten kakarrot has indeed overcome the wall as well...
the super saiyan wall...
during those seven years he trained in the other world...
these aren't your ordinary guys after all!
it is well. as you wish,
i will quench your uneasiness, babidi-sama.
i will go to stage 3 for you!
there, in short time, i will fill majin boo's ball with their energy at any cost.
d-dabura! if you are beaten, then it's all over!
you're sure you have a chance of winning?
chance of winning?
i am dabura, king of the demon realm!
come three thousand kili, come four thousand kili,
there does not exist a man in all the world with greater power than i!
in the second stage, goku also easily beats down maju yakon.
does the word "pinch" not appear in goku's dictionary?
so, i wonder what kind of guy will come out this time.
gohan, it's your turn now!
right!
however, dabura, king of the demon realm of darkness, is to appear next!
also, it's finally gohan's turn...
all right, i'll stick it to 'em!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
from the depths of space come madoshi babidi and dabura, king of the demon realm.
their goal is to gather the greatest energy in the world, and revive the sealed-up majin boo.
in order to return kuririn and piccolo,
who had been turned to stone, back to normal,
goku and the others made their way inside babidi's spaceship.
within the spaceship babidi's henchmen assault.
goku and the others one after another!
at stage 1, vegeta overwhelmed puipui.
at stage 2, goku rips through maju yakon!
impossible!
these aren't your ordinary guys after all!
i will go to stage 3 for you!
come three thousand kili, come four thousand kili,
there does not exist a man in all the world with greater power than i!
"a great miscalculationl! satan vs. three super-warriors!?"
i wonder just what kind of guy is going to come out next.
gohan, it's your turn now.
goku-san, this is not a game.
babidi only selects the very strongest henchmen from the far corners of the universe!
it is fine that we have won up until now and all,
but from now on, how about we all fight together?
ah, don't worry about it, kaioshin-sama.
besides, it wouldn't be fair, would it?
unfair?
yeah! if only me and vegeta get to fight alone, while gohan has to fight with everyone else...
he's right! kaioshin-sama, please, leave this up to me.
okay, dabura. go!
they will surely fall at my hand!
oh? dabura-sama, where are you going? the lift to the stages is this way.
he's all right how he is.
th-the meditation chamber?
i get it. dabura-sama is going to heighten his ki before fighting.
we absolutely must not open that door until dabura says it's okay.
right!
he's sure set his mind to it!
if he goes all out, it will be a simple matter for him to beat all three of them.
it's taking too long. how long are they going to make me wait?
don't be so impatient.
they're surely getting a first-rate warrior ready for you.
by the way, i wonder what's happening at the tenkaichi tournament.
good question.
all of us pulled out of there together.
hmph, rather than going up against the trivial scum
that pass for opponents in a place like this,
i wanted to fight you in the tenkaichi tournament!
i was looking forward to fighting against father myself.
same goes for me.
i wonder if no. 18-san is doing well.
these people... revel in battle...
the saiyans really do love to fight.
hey! what's going on?!
how long are you going to make us wait?! hurry and start the fights again!
oh, what's goin' on?
are they fixin' to start again?
not yet. it doesn't look like goku and the others are back yet.
really, where has goku-sa gone off to?
hmm, it appears as though something is happening.
there are large ki gathered in a distant location.
they haven't come back now in nearly an hour, surely they must be disqualified.
but with only five others remaining...
this is a problem, all right.
"martial."
what, everyone's together already?
it's a good thing we got back in time.
hmph, those guys who left have done so in fear of satan.
in that sense,
it's fair to say that you who have remained have true courage.
w-we are greatly honored, mister satan!
speak for yourself.
oh, i know!
oh, it's mister satan! mister satan!
satan! satan! satan!
don't worry, ladies and gentlemen!
there can be no problem as long as i remain here! mister satan!
didn't you come here to see my strength?!
that's right, mister satan!
way to go! you said it! show us your elegant techniques!
pops is at it again.
really. he never learns.
what do you think, guys? i, mister satan, have a good idea.
oh, what is it, mister satan?
a battle royale.
battle royale?!
yeah. disqualify those spineless guys who have run off right now,
so the courageous five of us who remain can all fight together in the ring.
no one will get excited over a tournament with only five of us, right?
having a battle royale will be a smash! a smash!!
l-i see!
clever as always, mister satan! that's a great idea!
however...
mister satan, in a battle royale...
wh-what is it?
do you have some kind of objection to an idea from mister satan?
n-no, it's...
fine. if that's the case, i'll just head on home.
n-no, not at all. it is a fantastic idea.
good, it's settled. make the announcement.
right!
ladies and gentlemen, we are terribly sorry for the delay.
it has just been decided, at mister satan's proposal,
to hold a battle royale with the remaining five contestants!
all five will fight within the ring,
and whoever remains at the end will be the victor.
way to go! that's our mister satan!
you said it!
wow, a battle royale. as might be expected of mister satan.
i greatly admire you making such a courageous statement.
hm? courageous?
that's right, mister satan!
after all, as the anticipated winner, in a battle royale,
the other four will first come at you en masse.
if i were to be worried over such a thing,
i would not be able to call myself a true champion.
indeed! mister satan, you truly are a great champion!
right, everyone?
oh, hell...
battle royale, he says.
i wonder if it'll be startin' before goku-sa and gohan-chan come back.
hmm, we won't be able to help it if it does.
in that case, we won't be earnin' any prize money at all!
our family budget! we're broke!
so then, let us now introduce the five contestants
who will be appearing in the battle royale!
first, as you all know, the champion mister satan!
i'm going to artfully score this one!
satan! satan! satan!
to continue, the only female contestant this time,
the oddly-named contestant no. 18!
oh, you cute chick, hang in there!
no. 18!
good luck!
win, mommy!
and, defeated during the first round in the last tournament,
contestant mighty mask!
oh, that's us. all right, let's make this look smooth!
yeah!
don't overdo it, mighty mask!
further, defeated in the second round in the last tournament,
contestant killa!
killa, get out of there!
finally, he's quite popular with the ladies...
unfortunately defeated last tournament by mister satan in the final round,
contestant jewel!
you're so handsome, jewel!
that's it! these five contestants will compete in the battle royale!
well, here we go!
let's win the adult division as well, trunks-kun!
yeah!
who among these five contestants will it be that attains victory?!
hey, why don't we both send.
mister satan-same to a ringout loss first, eh?
don't bother me. that guy doesn't matter.
the only real threat is no. 18-san, yeah?
yeah.
wh-what the... he's got a strange way of speaking.
bonjour, my lovely princess.
i cannot bear that a lady such as yourself should have to fight.
what do you say?
after the match, just the two of us could get something to eat, or...
get lost, you eyesore!
wh-what did you say?!
so then, the final round will have no time limit!
let us have this five-man battle royale begin at once!
l-if you're coming, then come on! i'll take you! well, bring it on!
that woman! how dare she refuse my explicit invitation!
rotten mighty mask!
when did you start having such a sassy mouth? damn you!
begin the match!
oh, what is this?
very early into the match,
contestant jewel and contestant killa have both dropped out!
that lady has a cute face, and she's incredible!
contestant mighty mask is pretty good too!
yea! mommy, nice going!
stick it to 'em, no. 18! attaway!
mommy, nice work!
h-how lucky!
i don't know how, but two of those dismal characters are out of it!
all that's left are those two lowlifes!
v-victory is mine!
that strange long-torsoed creep... he's no slouch!
those short arms have greater punching power than i would have thought.
stay sharp, goten.
they say kuririn-san's wife
used to be stronger than our papas were a long time ago.
yeah, got it!
come on, both of you! i'll take you both out at once!
just ignore him.
yeah.
and so, three contestants remain!
contestant mighty mask!
contestant no. 18!
and the champion, contestant mister satan!
who among these three will remain and be victorious?!
my victory is all but assured!
all i have to do is settle it all while looking cool! that's it!
first, i'll defeat that masked goon with moves
far more flamboyant than they need to be!
then, as that cute girl cowers at my strength,
i'll tenderly escort her like a gentleman to a ringout loss!
both the cute girl and the spectators will be captivated by it all!
oh, mister satan!
he is already proclaiming victory!
magnificent! that was absolutely magnificent!
what is he, stupid?
just let him be!
okay, then! you, masked goon! you will be the first to fall!
forgive me, but there is no sentiment in the world of fighting!
all right, our opponent is no. 18-san! got that, goten?
okay!
she's strong, all right.
fight back!
i know! here goes!
they're good!
incredible!
if goku-sa isn't fightin', we'll cheer for no. 18 instead.
hang in there, no. 18-san!
mommy, hang tough!
hmm?
mm? can it be?
idiot, not that way! right! right!
easy for you to say!
oh no!
we're going to lose!
okay, then!
they're flying!
the two of them are flying through the air!
just what is going on here?
that does it, let's break through here!
you must not do such a thing!
we can't just wait here forever!
b-but you can't just break it!
if we irritate them for no reason, it is instead likely to place us in danger!
they're getting impatient!
is dabura ready yet?
sir, he's still in the meditation chamber.
good, good! dabura, raise that ki even higher! more, more!
dabura, king of the demon realm,
has entered the meditation chamber to heighten his ki before doing battle.
gohan eagerly looks forward to his attack!
this is hard to fight in!
elsewhere, who will it be that dominates the tenkaichi tournament's battle royale?
no. 18? mighty mask?
or for that matter, mister satan?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
in order to revive majin boo, who was sealed up by kaioshin,
madoshi babidi has come to earth to gather energy.
goku and the others, who have entered babidi's spaceship,
have broken through his prepared stages one after another!
i will go to stage 3 for you!
dabura has volunteered for the third stage,
and confines himself to a meditation chamber to heighten his ki.
good, dabura! raise that ki even higher! more!
elsewhere, at the tenkaichi tournament,
a battle royale among the five people left had commenced.
who will it be that survives to the end?
goten and trunks' mighty mask?
no. 18?
for that matter, mister satan?
"such strong kids!! no. 18's close fight!?"
still not yet? this is too long...
you don't think that since vegeta-san and father were so overly incredible,
they've lost their nerve?
well, let's just wait them out. there ain't any rush.
terrific!
dabura's ki is rising steadily! go even higher!
good, terribly good, dabura!
majin boo's revival has now come into view!
this is the battle royale, to determine the victor of the tenkaichi tournament.
and what's this?
up in the sky, a terrific battle between contestant no. 18
and contestant mighty mask is unfolding!
damn!
punch! throw a punch, trunks-kun!
i know! but i can't get the leverage!
nice going, nice going!
of the five contestants who have entered,
contestant jewel and contestant killa have been eliminated by ringout!
all that remain are contestants no. 18 and mighty mask,
as well as the top contender mister satan!
awesome! i've never seen anything so awesome!
go, go, no. 18-san!
keep it up, mommy! blow that masked jerk away!
we're not getting many cheers, huh?
i guess this mighty mask guy must not be too popular.
that guy's pretty good.
y-you can't get so serious about this...!
he's a strange freak.
considering the size of his body, his arms and legs are pretty small.
and yet he's unusually strong!
no. 18-san is strong, all right! she's way different than killa was.
hang in there, trunks-kun!
goten! you haven't been doing anything for a while now!
kick or something!
but i can't see so well!
this is no time to be saying that! if this works out,
i'm willing to give you one more toy!
really?! yea!
okay, i'll try it!
here goes, goten!
yeah!
strange... i can't read his movements...
trunks-kun! that was some good punching!
yep! goten, you keep it up too! let's go!
she's losing!
she'll be okay!
hey! what's wrong, no. 18?!
c-cut it out already, okay? i'm begging!
all right! we're winning!
yeah!
whoa, he's dead!
to think that i have to fight against one of those two!
why does this have to happen?
i have not fallen out!
ooh, oww...
you okay, trunks-kun?
that one was fierce!
okay, let's switch! i'll be on top now!
y-yeah, that might be good.
c-contestant mighty mask, do you give up?
no way!
oh, he's gotten back up! he's up, he's up!
nice going, nice going!
contestant mighty mask is doin' pretty good, huh?
hmm...?
his movements have changed!
now! go, goten!
yeah!
we did it!
okay! keep it up now!
all right! now to finish her!
th-that was close!
it really is hard to move around like this!
this guy really does move strangely.
mommy! hang in there!
be sure you win!
all right! i'm not losing this!
just what you expect of the king of the demon realm of darkness!
now we can beat those three, and gather lots of energy to revive majin boo!
it's a good thing i brought dabura along.
the higher he raises his evil ki, the easier it is to control his heart!
stay on him!
i'm winning this, that's for sure!
something about the look in no. 18-san's eye has changed!
never mind that, keep closing in on her! i'm not giving you a toy for just that!
oh, no you don't! you promised me! cheater, cheater!
ah! you idiot!
wh-what an incredible battle! it's a fight worthy of the final match of the tenkaichi tournament!
to be perfectly honest, i did not think that contestant mighty mask would come this far!
you have to keep your eyes forward, you know!
rm 90mg on top again!
yeah.
m-might you be giving up this time?
contestant mighty mask has risen once again!
such tenacity, which we did not see from him at the previous tournament!
we can no longer think of this as a battle royale!
this is now completely a fight between contestant no. 18 and contestant mighty mask!
i've had it!
l-lncredible!
look out, goten!
we can't win like this!
trunks-kun! let's turn super saiyan!
th-that's it! as long as we're wearing this, no one can tell! all right! shall we?
yeah!
gael", ready?!
okay!
what's this? what's happened?
what's that? he's glowing!
any way we look at it, this outfit is working against us.
we have to finish this with a kiai-ho blast.
b-but, will she be all right?
relax! if we control it right, she won't die. it's no. 18-san, after all!
so that's it. super saiyan, huh?
i've finally realized who you are, my little gentlemen.
trunks-kun, you can't hit her full blast!
i know!
i knew it!
i missed!
let's go with a bigger blast!
y-you've got to be kidding!
that energy blast had staggering speed and destructive power!
those kids, they must have unheard-of power! this is bad! i have to finish this fight now!
you're going to allow me to win now! trunks! goten!
w-we're found out!
she's serious about this!
c-contestant mighty mask has been snapped apart!
y-you idiot, goten! why did you run that way?
what about you, trunks-kun?!
huh?! goten! here i am wonderin' where you'd gone!
then the other one is trunks?!
so it was those two after all!
wh-what do we do now, trunks-kun?
no choice! at this point, we'll just have to take her on!
let's go!
h-hey!
y-you cannot fight as two people! you are disqualified! disqualified!
we're disqualified?!
uh oh, let's get out of here!
yeah.
see here! goten! where are you goin'?! trunks! come back here!
what an incredible match!
however, according to the rules,
the two people fighting as contestant mighty mask are disqualified!
and so, all that remains is mister satan and contestant no. 18!
whoever wins this is the victor!
hang in there, mister satan!
mommy, good luck!
wh-what do i do? this time for sure, i really am dead!
so late...
i wonder if they're coming out soon...
oh, dabura!
my apologies for the delay.
at last, the king of the demon realm of darkness,
has completed preparations for his attack.
and so, can gohan defeat dabura, and safely break through stage 3?
and who will triumph at the tenkaichi tournament?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
in order to upset madoshi babidi's plot to revive the sealed-up majin boo,
goku and the others have infiltrated his spaceship
and have arrived at stage 3.
to defeat goku and the others, a powered-up dabura, king of the demon realm of darkness,
at length commences his attack in the third stage.
elsewhere, at the tenkaichi tournament,
an intense battle between no. 18 and mighty mask was unfolding.
however, it was revealed that mighty mask's true identity was that of trunks and goten,
and they were disqualified.
finally, all that remained were no. 18 and mister satan.
"confrontation with the demon king! it's your turn, gohan!!"
so, will it be mister satan that triumphs over the tenkaichi tournament?
or will it be contestant no. 18?!
after seeing her astounding manner of fighting,
there are suddenly many cheers for contestant no. 18!
who will it be that obtains the 10 million zeni in prize money?
there's no way i can win against that!
satan! go, satan!
satan! satan!
well, come at me any way you want!
isn't that nice for your mommy?
10 million zeni, he said!
she'll take it, she'll take it!
this is no time to be laughing, muten roshi-sama!
what on earth could be happening to goku and the others?
hmm, you're right. where on earth could they have gone to?
well, come on!
"tenkaichi tournament."
p-please, don't kill me! i'll do anything!
shut up! stop blubbering! be quiet, or i really will kill you!
oh! contestant no. 18 has connected with a headlock!
listen, speak softly. do you want to win?
n-no, enough! i've had enough, please don't do anything terrible...
what's wrong, satan! get her!
if so, i don't mind letting you win...
that's ticklish... hmm? wh-what did you just...?
i said i was going to let you win!
in exchange, you will hand over to me 20 million zeni.
i will lose to you. not a bad deal, right?
that's all it will cost you to keep your fame.
what can this be? mister satan is not moving at all!
can it be that even mister satan is not up to this opponent?
2-20 million zeni?
when you win, you'll get 10 million zeni in prize money.
you just have to shoulder the other 10 million zeni.
cheap, don't you think? b-but...
hey, i don't care. i could just knock you out right here
and make due with 10 million zeni...
kn-knockout...?
you jerk! worthless idiot!
you damned fool, satan!
don't ever come back!
die, satan!
hmph, i hate you, papa!
how about it?
l-i'll pay it! o-of course i will let you have it!!
well then, that's settled. pleasure doing business.
oh! mister satan has flicked contestant no. 18 off of him!
d-damn!
hurry and come at me!
i have now seen through all your tricks!
i hate to say it, but you are no match for me!
oh, really? incredible, mister satan!
i will admit that you have considerable skill.
however, your opponent is too much for you!
you've fought well, but after all, i am the champion!
wow, cool!
fine, just go already, moron!
ah, r-right...
oh, now comes mister satan's counterattack!
incredible! incredible! a storm of punches!
contestant no. 18 is being pummeled!
d-didn't we have an agreement?
i just said i'd let you win, i didn't say i wouldn't hit back.
if only i get beaten up, it would look suspicious, right?
b-but that's all i can take...
all right! then grab hold and throw me!
then use your finishing technique for the big finish.
got that? y-yes!
oh! mister satan has thrown contestant no. 18!
here goes! this will put an end to it all!
go, satan!
take this!
satan miracle special ultra super megaton punch!!
s-she took that head-on!
um...
this is your finishing technique?
y-yes. for the time being...
did you see that?!
uh, at first glance, it may have looked like an ordinary blow,
but after a few seconds, it strikes with an explosive shock!
that was the satan miracle... um... beautiful super bari-bari punch!
mister satan is victorious!
number one!
whoa! you really are awesome, mister satan!
he's every bit our protector of the earth!
contestant no. 18 showed us marvelous strength indeed,
but before mister satan, she was all-too-easily defeated.
mister satan defends his championship!
what the hell is happenin'?
g-good question...
i'll come to your house tomorrow to get the money.
if you don't pay me, i'll kill you!
y-yes, i understand.
satan! satan! satan!
damn...
i wonder what gave us away.
no. 18-san is certain to win now.
nothing is ever certain... hmm?
isn't that...?
ah, it's videl-san!
hey!
videl-san!
videl-san!
goten-kun'.!
ah, wait up, goten!
they're late.
they're too late!
i wonder what kind of guy is coming out.
i wish they'd come soon. what could they be doing?
i'm looking forward to seeing how strong you've become.
gohan, have you been training regularly while i've been gone?
ah, no, you see...
hmph! unfortunately,
it seems he's used peacetime as an excuse not to do all that much training.
nowadays, we're the ones with the higher powers.
of course, in his case, we never know what might happen
if he launches into a rage, do we?
no wonder these three are so composed!
if it comes to it, they can release incredible power,
like goku-san momentarily displayed before.
th-the truth is so utterly hard to believe...
to think, that the kaioshin could be flustered by people from the lower realm...
i-it can't be...!
d-dabura!!
l-it can't be! i wasn't expecting them to send out dabura so soon!
it's really quite something for you humans to have beaten yakon and come to stage 3.
you might even call it miraculous. i will give you credit for that.
however, this is as far as it goes. i will be your opponent now.
hmph! for you, his number one, to be making an appearance already,
it must mean that babidi is getting considerably anxious.
enough of your idle chit-chat! let's go, right now, all of you!
no way, no way!
it's my turn to be the one that beats you!
what did you say?!
never mind that, let's fight in a different location,
like when father and vegeta did, not this cramped place!
oh, but that dark place would be a problem.
wh-why you...!
that's enough mocking out of you!
just a minute, dabura!
any shock received by the spaceship will not be good towards completely reviving majin boo.
if you can, why don't you fight in a different place?
ah, certainly.
where would be good?
wherever allows them the best handicap.
a world with an environment similar to earth's.
you're sure self-possessed. little wonder.
nobody can stand up to you, after all.
well, here goes.
papparapa!
wh-what's this?
how's this? you should have no quarrel with this place.
okay! well, here goes!
don't get careless, gohan!
that's about it. and that's why everyone's gone there.
madoshi...?!
majinnf?!
y-yeah...
d-did you hear that, goten?
y-yeah!
sounds like fun! yeah? yeah? yeah?
that way, right?
that's right, that's right! i can feel our papas' ki!
j-just a second, you guys! don't tell me you're thinking of going there?
hurry! if we don't get there fast,
our papas will have already beaten their foes!
no, no! i wanna see, i wanna see! i want to see this majin boo guy!
60!!
yahoo!
you've got to be kidding!
you fool!
what?
gohan's power is at full throttle! the real fight begins now!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the tenkaichi tournament had reached its closing act,
and the only ones who remained were no. 18 and mister satan.
it was thought to be an easy victory for no. 18, but with her eye on the prize money,
no. 18 negotiated a deal with mister satan, and sold her victory to him.
i will admit that you have considerable skill.
however, your opponent is too much for you!
you've fought well, but after all, i am the champion!
take this! satan miracle special ultra super megaton punch!!
the curtain has dropped on the tenkaichi tournament with a repeat victory for mister satan.
elsewhere, as goku and the others try to prevent madoshi babidi from fulfilling his scheme,
dabura, king of the demon realm of darkness, stands in their way.
dabura has put up a good fight, and gohan at length opened up his full power.
"a wicked heart discovered!! dabura's great ldea."
so, gohan, show us your power!
what?!
aah, dabura!
you get serious! at this degree, we can't even call it a fight!
l-lncredible!
very well...
the real me is over here!
die!!
ah, damn!
that's one down...
oh, ow, ow! i dropped my guard!
he's lying in wait for me, huh?
there you are!
gohan!
even powered up, that's still the best you've got, is it?
just what you'd expect from the king of the demon realm of darkness.
he really is on a different level from puipui or yakon.
dammit! i got careless there, but it won't happen this time!
no, no, gohan! you can't keep up that monotonous style of attack!
he'll read your next move!
it's no use. he's completely forgotten his intuition for fighting.
we're not done yet!
why, that rotten... here i come!
look out! you'll be turned to stone!
that was close, that was close!
satan! satan! satan!
"martial."
goten!
trunks!
goten! goten!
ah, mommy!
have you been a good girl?
yeah!
no. 18, what on earth happened? how could you lose to a guy like that?
are you malfunctioning somewhere?
wh-what's with that attitude?!
and here someone's going out of their way to worry about her!
hey, hey!
what is it, goten?
what's a majin?
ah, come on!
you don't even know that, yet you're in such a fuss over wanting to see one?
yeah! so, you know then, trunks-kun?
well, i... of course! a majin is...
yeah? yeah?
a majin is...
yeah? yeah?
it's... see...
what's a majin?
ah, well, that is... anyhow...
it's this utterly incredible guy!
you'll be so surprised when you see him, goten!
wow! i'm sure looking forward to that!
probably...
yeah, let's hurry, goten!
y-yeah!
dabura's a lot stronger than we thought, ain't he?
hmph! even so, he's not an opponent that can't be beaten!
he's pathetic! he was stronger when he was just a kid!
what are we going to do with him?
gohan really has been skipping out on his training, huh?!
this is getting on my nerves.
where are you looking?
you're mine!
what?!
has he really done it this time?
dammit, what are you doing, dabura?
you've got to do more and more, greater damage!
o-once majin boo returns, those guys won't matter!
gohan...!
what?!
dammit, this is irritating!
all right, i'm going to put an end to this!
no you don't, vegeta! let him do this!
it's not exactly like he's completely losing there!
all this playing around isn't important!
i want to put an end to this so i can hurry and settle my score with you!
that's the whole reason i went to all the trouble of going to that ridiculous tournament!
if it doesn't look like he's going to make any more progress,
i'll end this in an instant!
babidi-sama, please return us to the spaceship immediately!
i have made quite a grand discovery!
grand discovery?
it will mean the revival of majin boo...
wh-what?! is this true, dabura?
quite possibly.
just bring you back, right?
yes.
papparapa!
wh-what?!
huh? we're back!
wh-what's this?
hey! are you running away from me?
run away? indeed not. i do not need to bother myself with fighting.
i've found just the right warrior for all of you.
wait!
just the right warrior? what does he mean?
what is the meaning of this, dabura?
there really is a great discovery, isn't there?
yes.
i trust you didn't just get frightened
by those humans and come running back here, right?
dabura, king of the demon realm, is afraid of nothing.
well then, that's fine. so then, hurry and tell me this great discovery!
there is one among them that has a very strong wickedness within his heart.
with that degree of evil in his heart,
we can sufficiently draw him over to our side.
l-i get it! we don't even have to fight them,
we can turn them on each other and just take in their energy!
if we do that...
majin boo will be revived!
bravo! bravo, dabura!
dabura has discovered the evil in vegeta's heart.
a critical clash between saiyans is approaching!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
at stage 3, it was dabura who stood in the way of goku and the others.
gohan challenged the demonic king with his power wide open.
however, upon feeling the evil in vegeta's heart, dabura abandoned the fight.
babidi is planning to use vegeta,
causing goku and the others to fight amongst themselves.
"vegeta, prince of destruction, revived!! intrusion at the tournament."
dabura... someone supposed to be a demonic king, has abandoned the fight?
what on earth could his intention be?
it's you whose intention i want to know!
how could you fail to take down a guy of his level?!
if you were even a paltry member of our fighting race, once you started a fight,
you'd make sure to take your opponent's last breath from them!!
you're all too soft!!
every one of you, fighting behind the mask of justice... it disgusts me!
it's power that commands the fight!
the strong are the only ones who survive, while the weak die!
power is everything!
but...
take a look at piccolo and them!
it's only because they were weak that they were turned to stone!
hmph! they're a disgrace!
that's right! if i'd only defeated dabura,
piccolo-sen and kuririn-san would have been returned to normal...
let it stand at that, vegeta. gohan did everything he could, after all.
like i told you, kakarrot!
i want to put an end to this playing around
so i can hurry up and settle my score with you!
dammit, i'm at the limits of my patience!
never mind babidi, and never mind the majin!
i'm going to vaporize this whole spaceship!
this is where it ends! that's reckless, vegeta-san!
if you do such a thing, majin boo will be revived!
majin boo is a monster who does nothing but create destruction
and slaughter again and again!
he is quite literally a demonic being, as four of the kaioshin were no match for him!
shut up!
if majin boo is revived, then mankind...
no, all living things, will be put to death,
and the earth will unmistakably be turned into a planet of death!
be silent!
how many people are killed...
what may happen to the earth... it's no concern of mine!
what kind of person are you?
why don't you cut it out, vegeta?!
kakarrot'.!
still, something strange has happened, huh?
yeah. this should have been the perfect chance for them
to obtain the energy they need for majin boo's revival.
so why did dabura...?
i ain't sure what it means, but i'm certain he said something like
"i myself do not need to fight, i've found a good warrior."
found... a warrior...
h-he can't mean...!
you're right! he's different from the others!
it's just as you said. his heart is filled with wickedness!
he hasn't come here for any just cause at all!
right.
bravo, bravo, dabura!
so then, let us have them fight amongst themselves.
the energy we obtain from them will most assuredly revive majin boo.
we're going to have you serve us!
veg eta-san!
dammit! i knew it!
kaioshin-sama, what on earth is...?
vegeta-san! shake it off!
babidi is attempting to use the evil in your heart!
babidi using... the evil in his heart...?
that's right! madoshi babidi can manipulate the evil-hearted at will!
you can't mean... the warrior dabura found is...?
vegeta-san, empty your mind! you must not think of anything!
w-worthless fool! that's easy for you to say...!
good, good! you're ours now!
all right, while we're at it,
let's also draw out his hidden power, beyond his limits!
wh-what's this?
incredible power!
veg eta-san!
no, vegeta-san! don't let that guy manipulate you!
gohan!
veg eta-san...
what a ki! i can't get near it!
babidi, you...!
veg eta-san!
vegeta...
hey. vegeta!
please, wait!
it's too late!
l-it can't be...
i'm champion!
way to go, mister satan!
yea, mister satan! you're so cool!
we cannot allow you in the ring! please go back!
everyone, please return and sit in your seats at once! sit down, if you please!
vegeta!
vegeta-san, snap out of it! vegeta-san!
i never...
i never expected babidi to go about setting us up against each other!
great, great! he is now my servant!
why don't i let them fight somewhere nice?
papparapa!
wh-what? he's about to move us to another location.
we're at...
the tournament grounds.
this is no apparition, this is unmistakably the tournament grounds!
wh-what's with them?
they just suddenly appeared!
goku! no doubt about it, it's goku and the others!
what's happening here?
goku-sa! and gohan too!
vegeta!
unbelievable! now they come back to the tenkaichi tournament,
when the winner's already been decided!
what am i goin' to do about the family budget?
i know!
just beat up mister satan now and take the prize money!
that's preposterous!
preposterous? if he beats the champion to a pulp,
in front of everyone here, no one's goin' to object!
l-i suppose that's true...
hmm? w-wait a second, there's something strange here.
you're a bit late, aren't you, party of son-san?
where on earth have you been?
watch out!
so, what was his name again? er...
right, right, right! vegeta! take the energy from those guys!
battle with all your might! you can even kill them if you want!
silence! my only objective is kakarrot! i don't care about anyone else!
vegeta... you...
how about that guy? he still isn't completely under my control!
this is a first! well, i guess it's okay...
v-v-veg eta!
vegeta! what the hell is he thinking?
th-th-they're... those guys from... those guys from that one time...
y-you mean... th-they survived?
h-hey!
what?
you idiot!
aw, hell!
oh, no!
unbelievable!
th-this can't be!
it's not true! this is some kind of mistake... vegeta...
vegeta...
vegeta has been controlled by babidi! is this the fateful confrontation at last?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
vegeta!
it's babidi's magic! please, calm your heart!
the magic of the great madoshi babidi,
who is intent on reviving majin boo, has enslaved even vegeta!
vegeta!
vegeta commits the utmost in destruction at the tenkaichi tournament!
the warrior, steeped mind and body in wickedness, now attacks goku.
"the super-confrontation of destiny!! the clash of goku vs. vegeta."
vegeta-san! how could you?!
what's this? there's something about vegeta...
i've never felt a ki like this before.
wh-what's the matter with you, vegeta?
what kind of guy do you suppose this majin is? i wonder if he's strong.
you don't suppose our papas have already defeated him, do you?
oh, no!
well, figure, there's my papa, and your old man, on top of which there's gohan-san.
no matter what kind of guy he may be, they're going to beat him!
no, no, no! that's no fun at all! i want to see this majin boo guy!
okay! well, let's fly even harder, goten!
yeah!
great! great! 200 people just died!
what should we do, mister satan?
wh-what should we do, you ask?
save us, satan!
beat that guy for us!
satan! get him!
mister satan... i mean, champion...
that's right! i am the world champion!
no matter the opponent, it will not do for me to run away!
s-see here! you guys!
what the hell do you think you're doing?! huh?!
hey! you pull a selfish stunt like that,
a-and i, the world champion, mister satan, will...!
mister satan will...!
satan will...
what is it you'll do?
guys, violence won't do now, no violence!
don't break anything, and fight more fairly!
afterward, i will especially take on the winner at their leisure...
aay!
what are you going to do, kakarrot?
fight against me! unless you want to add to this mountain of bodies!
vegeta, don't tell me you...
don't tell me you fell under babidi's spell on purpose.
that can't be...
answer me, vegeta!!
help me!
please stop, vegeta-san!
out of the way!!
stay back, small fry! this fight is between me and kakarrot!
vegeta, no matter what?
you mustn't, goku-san!
if you were to fight here, you would play right into babidi's hands!
your energy would be absorbed, and majin boo will most assuredly be revived!
vegeta, you let yourself fall under babidi's spell
and lost your self-control, and did all this, all in order to get me serious.
am i wrong?
what's that?
if i hadn't done all this, you wouldn't have fought me!
in only one day, you'll disappear from this world.
and yet all this gets in the way!
s-so for that... just for that, you've done this foolish thing?
foolish thing?!
foolish thing, you say?!!
this is everything to me! it does not matter to me
what happens with majin boo or anything else!
he... he surpassed my strength!
he is a saiyan, same as me, yet he outpaced me!
me! the prince, at the height of his overwhelming power!
l-i've even had my life saved by him!
i cannot forgive him for that! absolutely not!!
babidi! change us to a place where no one else is around!
i have decided to fight vegeta!
look, we did it! we did it!
just a moment!
if you're going to confront him no matter what,
then do it after you have defeated me!
f-father...!
understood.
do as you like.
i'm sorry, kaioshin-sama.
they've started fighting amongst themselves!
take that, lousy kaioshin!
the return of majin boo is now just a matter of time.
as you wish, i will change your location!
papparapa!
huh? they vanished!
where on earth do you suppose they've disappeared to, mister satan?
damn! and i was just about ready to beat some punishment into them!
you shouldn't have any complaints about this place.
nope.
you can't, father!
it is all right.
having come to this, there is nothing we can do.
you two feel free to fight.
son gohan-san and i will break through this entrance
and go fight with babidi and dabura.
we cannot help that applying such a shock
might mean majin boo could emerge.
in this event, it is better than having your damage energy taken from you
and allowing majin boo to be revived at full power.
if we are fortunate, we may be able to prevent his revival entirely.
what was that?
you think i'm going to allow that?
vegeta, stop them! kill those who are in our way!
kill them!
vegeta, kill those who are in our way! kill them!
is this babidi's magic?
go, vegeta! kill them!
do it! do them in!
i refuse! what?!
whatever kaioshin and the others do is none of my concern!
l-i'm going to say this one more time, okay? you are to put kaioshin away!
well, vegeta?
like i said, all i want to do is fight kakarrot!
l-i am the proud prince of the saiyans!
you think i would allow myself to become your serf?
you may control my body and my heart, but at least you will not have your way...
with my pride!!
this is the first time something like this has happened!
what a man of pride he is!
it does not matter, does it, babidi-sama?
in any case, his role is to take energy, after all.
even if kaioshin does come, he can do nothing so long as i am here.
besides, is it not what you wanted?
to see kaioshin die before your very eyes?
u-unbelievable!
to think there's a person that could defy babidi while being controlled by him!
so, this is how badly you wanted to settle things between us, vegeta?
if anything, would it not be better for us
to open the door and allow kaioshin to come here?
it would not do if he forces it open and traumatizes the ship,
forcing majin boo's return before he attains his perfect power, would it?
indeed. you're right, i got you.
he opened it himself!
he would be disserved if his spaceship were damaged.
well, father, we're off!
mm, hang in there!
ah, hold up, gohan! there's still two senzu left.
they're what are left over from what you gave your girlfriend.
eat one before you go. you must have used quite a bit of power earlier.
th-thanks.
get angry, gohan! get angry, remember what happened when you fought cell,
and call up all the power you possess!
g-get angry?
if you do, you can't lose to any kind of guy in the whole world!
any kind of guy, you hear?
right. but father...
it's a shame your one precious day turned out this way.
well, we're off!
sorry to keep you waiting.
i have waited, kakarrot! i have been waiting so long for this!
i do not want to take damage from you and contribute it to majin boo's energy.
i'm going to end this quickly, with my highest power!
i look forward to it.
you'll show me the fruits of your training in the other world.
as i expected. even greater than the power gohan had back then.
judging by that, it doesn't look like this is going to end quickly.
here we go! i'll kill you, kakarrot!
the determination of goku, who turned aside even kaioshin!
the pride of vegeta, who thrust aside babidi's orders!
vegeta versus goku! the most incomparable conflict in history,
one nobody is able to stop, begins now!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
vegeta, you...
don't tell me you fell under babidi's spell on purpose.
"tenkaichi tournament."
if i hadn't done all this, you wouldn't have fought me!
babidi! change us to a place where no one else is around!
i have decided to fight vegeta!
goku, who at last resolves to confront vegeta,
turns away even kaioshin as he steps in to stop them.
here we go! i'll kill you, kakarrot!
"just you wait, babidi!! your aspirations will not be allowed."
um... mister satan, what should we do about an awards ceremony?
indeed, with all that commotion, the spectators have fled, and there's no television...
under the circumstances, there isn't much sense in having one.
well, we'll just leave it at "see you later."
there's also the matter of the runner-up.
runner-up?
that would have to be contestant no. 18,
who remained until the end to go one-on-one with you, wouldn't it?
n-no. 18?
"martial."
th-that's right! she may not have been my equal, but truthfully, she did do quite well.
yeah, she really was something there! superb, superb!
vegeta, of all the...!
after wreckin' the grounds like this, where has he gone off to?!
you don't suppose (eaten-chain's been buried under all that rubble, do you?
vegeta... what's wrong with you?
what's wrong? i thought you were going to bring this to an end quickly!
and i will!
k-kakarrot'.!
nice, nice, vegeta!
that's the way!
look, look!
majin boo's energy is quickly, quickly being stored up!
all that's left is how we're going to serve them up, right dabura?
that is right.
th-they're here!
y-you expect to get by us?!
some of babidi's warriors?
we don't have time to toy with these small fry. let's hurry!
right!
h-hey, let's 9!
as good as ever!
they sure are confident.
does this mean they don't feel it necessary to buy any more time?
let's go, onto where majin boo's ball is!
right!
very soon, you will see the death of kaioshin before your very eyes!
i'm counting on it, dabura!
you defy me? you defy me, kakarrot?!
what are you doing, goten?!
if we're not quick, we won't be able to see majin boo!
but...
what is it?
i have to go pee!
go pee? just hold it in!
i can't! after all, i haven't gone the whole time
since the tournament started! i'm going to leak out!
i can't do anything with you!
okay, over there!
go do it over there!
hurry!
yeah!
trunks-kun! me too!
mine's shooting out so far!
look at mine!
whee! there it goes! there it goes!
ah, that startled me! we have to hurry!
let's fly, goten!
yeah!
wh-what force! vegeta's raised his power quite a bit, huh?
vegeta...
what's the matter, weren't you going to end this quickly?
that's what i'm trying to do.
and this is the way?
however, this does not approach the humiliation i've been subjected to!
not yet! even at this, it still falls far, far short!
for myself, the proud saiyan prince,
to be pitied by a lower-class warrior, such as yourself...
to have my life saved by you...!
you are to be put to death! i'll tear you clean apart!
starting with your arms!
what?!
where is he?
here, kakarrot!
kamehame...
take this!
is that majin boo's ball?
yes. the fearsome majin boo, born of the evil madoshi bibidi, is inside there.
incredible. this is an enormous, evil ki, the likes of which i've never felt until now.
that is correct.
i welcome you here.
how nice of you to come, kaioshin.
i have come to defeat you, babidi.
rotten enemy of my papa!
i will also terminate the revival of the majin boo.
unfortunately, i do not think it will go that smoothly for you.
the demonic king, dabura, is here as well!
let's hurry, gohan-san.
even as we're here, the damage energy from goku-san may be on its way to majin boo!
right. i will fight babidi.
an unprecedented, fierce conflict between goku and vegeta! who will be the winner?
further, will shin and gohan be able to defeat babidi and dabura,
and stop majin boo from being revived?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
under manipulation by madoshi babidi's magic, vegeta returns as an evil warrior.
this fight is between me and kakarrot!
it does not matter to me what happens with majin boo or anything else!
babidi! change us to a place where no one else is around!
i have decided to fight vegeta!
papparapa!
at last, goku and vegeta's unprecedented, fierce battle had begun!
elsewhere, kaioshin and gohan have arrived in front of majin boo's ball.
incredible. this is an enormous, evil ki, the likes of which i've never felt until now.
i welcome you here.
"the seal is broken! out comes the vicious majin boo!!"
gohan-san, no matter what, we have to put them away
before the energy accumulates in majin boo's ball.
if majin boo is revived, this earth will be destroyed in a flash!
right.
kaioshin!
shall we go up to the surface?
majin boo is just about to emerge from this sphere, having reached full power.
when he does, it will be with devastating force,
and it won't do for me to have my spaceship destroyed.
fine. but no matter what may come, we are going to beat you,
and stop majin boo's revival!
you think it will be that easy?
papparapa!
well, dabura?
just to be sure, let me ask you if you're certain you can beat that earthling.
of course! i fought him for a bit earlier, after all.
that scum! i can undoubtedly take care of him.
do whatever you like with him! you may turn him to stone like those others,
or mess him up even worse if you like!
right!
you've gotten strong, kakarrot!
this is the result of your training in the other world?
you too, vegeta! you're much stronger than i'd thought!
kaioshin, i'm so happy you came!
now i can finally take revenge, you see!
long ago, you killed my papa. surely, he must have been careless.
but i'm not going to be killed by the likes of you, the way papa was.
i have entirely greater magical power than papa did.
dabura is here too, after all.
he's got it all covered.
if i'm not careful as i attack, i'll be done in by his magic!
damn! to think i had a hard time with this guy...
while we're here like this, majin boo is rapidly collecting energy!
get angry! get angry, gohan!
f-father!
get angry, remember what happened when you fought cell,
and call up all the power you possess!
if you do, you can't lose to any kind of guy in the whole world!
any kind of guy, you hear?
i am angry! i am angry, but i can't bring myself to the way it was then...
the way it was when i fought cell...
ka... me... ha... me...
ha!!
dammit!
i'll just have to do it now!
l-it can't be...!
it can't be! not this soon!
what is it?
what is the matter, babidi-sama?
f-full... full power! he's at full power!
majin boo is at full power!!
he's at full power! he's at full power!
majin boo is finally revived!
l-lmpossible! why has goku-san's damage energy
collected as suddenly as this?
th-that's why!
father is fighting at a level even beyond super saiyan!
perhaps, as his and vegeta-san's two incredible powers collide,
the damage done is also extraordinary!
ah, dammit!
we did it, dabura!
yes, babkdk-sama.
h-how can this be? how can this come out in the worst possible way?!
i've completely misjudged things!
what's the matter, kakarrot?
there you are!
die, kakarrot!
not bad, vegeta!
i'm starting to burn now, too!
mister satan, congratulations on your victory!
this time there were a number of accidents, and it must have been tough.
well, it's always difficult to win through to the end.
it's he who can overcome and be victorious that is the true world champion!
that's true, isn't it? it looked as if you had an especially
difficult battle in the final match against no. 18.
that's why amateurs are so troubling.
actually, if i'd wanted to defeat her, five seconds would have been plenty.
my opponent being a girl, and all...
but it would have been inexcusable to my many fans,
who came to see my strength, if i'd ended it so readily.
that's why i intentionally drew things out.
wow! you think that much about the fans?
this is precisely why you're the true champion, isn't it?
that's right, that's right.
you're pretty sharp, aren't you? you'll be a fine reporter!
er, could you once again tell us the technique that clinched the final match?
eh, um, satan miracle very wonderful...
special strong bari-bari...
punch, i believe it was!
ah, i have a feeling that is a little bit different from before...
r-really?
l-i don't even remember it myself!
moving along, what can you tell us about that group that attacked the grounds?
i'm sure they must have come thinking to challenge me, the world champion.
there's a lot of those kind, who come to challenge me using their bluffs and tricks.
however, once they saw my no-nonsense attitude, they became afraid and ran off.
so that's it!
let me take this occasion to say to all the martial arts combatants in the world,
mister satan will accept any challenge from anyone!
bring it on, fair and square!
way to go, mister satan!
mister satan, you're so cool!
satan...! satan...! satan...!
s-she doesn't have to look at me with that frightening look in her eye!
i'm going to promptly pay her the money, after all!
there's been this wild, incredible ki for a little while now.
who is it? our papas?
i don't know. i felt it a little while back
from the direction of the tournament!
why is it we're feeling such an incredible ki going back and forth?
could it be that fights are occurring all over the world?
i have utterly no idea what's going on.
should we give up going, and head back?
no, no way! i want to see majin boo! i absolutely want to see him!
all right, goten! okay! let's go look toward where the biggest kiis!
yeah!
it's been a long time since i've gotten this wild!
vegeta, no matter what happens, i ain't losing to you!
back at you!
you evaded that well, huh kakarrot?
all that valuable power, and you still missed!
hey, i'm just starting!
l-i can't believe it! i thought i had trained considerably on the other side.
and here we are, utterly even!
you must have trained even harder than i did!
that's not it! though i suspect i have trained harder than you did,
you have a talent for going even higher than i do.
no matter how much time has passed, that difference has not changed.
i knew it.
when you fought that monster babidi sent you...
it was a shock, kakarrot!
how could i, the prodigal prince of bloodshed,
forever be outdistanced by you, a lower-class warrior?!
a-and so, i secretly made my resolution.
so that's it! babidi!
that's why you intentionally fell under babidi's spell!
yeah! that's when i remembered about those
two men of babidi's, back at the tournament.
he's completely different from before!
it's like he's a different person, he's so strong!
those who had known the men from before
spoke of how much stronger they had gotten.
i remembered it and began to think.
if i were to be controlled by him... kakarrot,
the gap between us might be closed...
the result was just as i thought.
it wasn't a very favorable mode, however.
vegeta, with your great pride, you allowed yourself to be controlled
by that guy just because you wanted to become stronger?
'an. 'an.
i... wanted to return to the way i was long ago!
i wanted to return to the brutal, cold-blooded saiyan that i was,
so i could fight all-out with you and not worry about anything!
i hated it!
i hated how, before i had realized it,
i had been influenced by you guys and become so gentle!
i, of all people, had a family.
it wasn't an unpleasant feeling...
i came to like this comfortable earth as well!
that's why it was necessary for me
to be controlled by babidi and return to my evil self!
and thanks to that, i feel great now!
is that really so, vegeta?
it is just about time, babidi-sama.
majin boo's seal will be broken!
he's emerging! majin boo is emerging!
the seal is at last broken!
majin boo is appearing!
and what about the conclusion to goku and vegeta's fight?
hurry, goku! something terrible is happening to earth!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
vegeta, with your great pride, you allowed yourself to be controlled by that guy
just because you wanted to become stronger?!
'an.
i wanted to return to the way i was long ago!
i wanted to return to the brutal, cold-blooded saiyan that i was,
so i could fight all-out with you and not worry about anything!
vegeta, having returned to being a wicked warrior,
continues a ferocious battle with son goku.
and so, as majin boo's ball received the inflicted damage energy...
he's at full power! majin boo is at full power!!
the seal was at last broken.
will the terrifying monster, majin boo, finally reveal himself?
"i won't allow the revival!! a kamehame-ha of resistance."
dabura, he's emerging now! majin boo is emerging!
y-yes!
the seal has finally been broken!
we will finally be able to see majin boo!
so, come on out!
what sort of incredible guy is majin boo, who my papa created?!
we are indeed certainly looking forward to this, babidi-sama!
i've been eagerly awaiting this day! hurry and come on out!
f-father's damage energy...
having gone beyond super saiyan, father's damage energy...
who could have thought it would have revived majin boo so quickly?
it's no longer any use! let's run away, gohan-san!
let's run away, gohan-san!
if we do such a thing, then what?
is it okay for us to leave it here like this?
if we do that, majin boo will be revived!
there is no way we can win against majin boo, gohan-san!
no matter how strong you guys may be, it's impossible!
the person who can defeat majin boo does not exist in this world!
if we stay here, make no mistake, we will be killed!
but kaioshin-sama...
hurry, gohan-san! let's run away!
kaioshin-sama!
hurry!!
as long as he's already at full power, i can at least...
gohan-san, what are you...?
wh-what is he planning to do?
a good question.
i'll do this much to him!
gohan-san...
trunks-kun! stop! stop!
what is it, goten?
something's been strange for a while now.
there's a big ki in that direction, too!
yeah, i know. a weird kind of ki like i've never felt before.
it's pretty big.
both this way and that way... aah, this is getting more and more complicated!
b-birds!
there's so many of them. what could be the matter?
what in the world is happening?
do you think it has anything to do with majin boo?
who knows?
wh-what is it? what's wrong?
good question.
mister satan, please call on everyone to calm down!
but...
at this rate, it will become a panic,
and we won't be able to conclude!
we still have not handed over the prize money for your victory, mister satan!
prize money!
that's right! i haven't gotten my prize money yet, have i?
quickly, award me my prize money!
that's impossible, under these circumstances!
people! do not panic!
i, mister satan, am always here together with you, am i not?!
even in the event that the end of the world is approaching,
as long as i, mister satan, am here, i will protect you, no matter what!
oh, it's mister satan!
that's right, we still have mister satan!
mister satan, we're counting on you!
satan! satan! satan!
i nailed it! i nailed that so cool! let's get my money quick and go home!
mm, something is happening.
something more frightfully terrible than anything else up to now...
i-it can't be! (eaten-chain's run off somewhere now,
and just when i'm thinkin' gohan and goku-sa have appeared,
they go vanishin' again. what am i supposed to do?
why, that lousy... babidi-sama! i will go and make him heed us!
l-it's all right! majin boo won't even blink over something like this!
y-you fool! doing such a thing is worthless!
all right!
out he comes! majin boo!
babidi-sama'.!
it's empty!
n-no! this wasn't supposed to be! it can't be!
why is this? why is this so?
come on out! come on out, i say!
majin boo! please, come out!
what good fortune!
tough luck, babidi!
majin boo was exterminated by that attack just now!
it's probable he shriveled up over his long sleep,
and no matter how much energy you poured into him,
he would not be as tough as he was in the past!
and now, the earth will be saved!
it is well, is it not, babidi-sama?
even if we do not have majin boo, i am here.
on top of that, there is that guy vegeta,
who even though incompletely, is still under your control.
b-but... majin boo! my papa's creation, majin boo!
babidi, at this stage, are you reduced to whining?
dabura, having come to this, let's at least deal with that insolent kaioshin!
right!
i will somehow or other pin babidi down.
gohan-san, if you will then defeat dabura,
babidi's ambitious schemes will utterly evaporate!
and so, as you were told by goku-san, now is just the time for you to become angry!
become angry, and show your true power for me!
gohan-san, peace has nearly come upon us!
th-th-that's not true!
a terrible ki... a terrible ki is swelling up! i-it's...
wh-what is it you're saying, gohan-san?
the smoke! the smoke that came out of where that ball is!
what? what is he looking at?
that cloud! no, the smoke from before is gathering!
y-you don't mean...!
not bad, vegeta! i'll show you what i do best!
what a terrible kfl.
(he)', up there!
c-can it be...?
babidi-sama, is that majin boo?
n-not sure.
i've never seen him before.
the only one who has ever seen majin boo is kaioshin there.
er, is that majin boo?
th-that's right! i would never forget th-that terrifying face!
oh, that seems to be majin boo, after all!
a-a guy such as this...?!
hey there, majin boo!
he's called a majin, so i figured he'd be bigger.
it's no use any more! we can't escape!
are you sure about that?
while he certainly does possess an extraordinary ki,
it doesn't appear to be so much that we can do nothing about it.
l-is that true, gohan-san?!
yes! if i can just put forward all of my force...
majin boo!
majin boo!
damn you!
wait, vegeta! wait!
a ki! a fairly enormous ki has appeared!
majin boo has emerged after all!
at last, majin boo is revived.
however, is he really strong enough to plunge the earth into crisis?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
at last, the seal was broken!
er, is that majin boo?
th-that's right! i would never forget th-that terrifying face!
finally, majin boo has been revived.
however, is a guy such as this really all that strong?
"a straight line to despair!? the grief of kaioshin."
wait, vegeta!
a ki! an enormous ki has appeared!
he has emerged after all! majin boo!
majin boo, huh?
here i was wondering how incredible a brute he was,
and then he has this sort of battle power rating?
i thought it would be something like this!
listen, kakarrot! we have now become overly strong!
altogether extraordinarily so!
have you even once thought that kaioshin,
who all else aside should be this incredible guy, was impressive?
just the opposite, kaioshin has been the one who was surprised by our power, right?
in other words, i'm saying that kaioshin may see majin boo as a fearsome enemy,
but from where we stand, he's not all that formidable a guy.
n-no, that ain't it. there's something different than usual about this kfl.
stop fretting around!
if you're trying to get out of this fight, you're not going to!
vegeta! you have to have realized it as well!
hey. majin boo!
l-i'm babidi, the child of bibidi, who created you!
i've revived you after you were sealed up in your ball for an incredibly long time!
a-and so, starting today, i will be your master!
hey! what's the matter? answer me!
you'll at least answer me! i am your master!
hey. majin boo!
hey, there!
wh-what's the matter, majin boo?
he's a mere buffoon!
what is it he might be doing?
wh-why you...!
i do not know why, but it appears his revival was unsuccessful.
now that he has finally gone and appeared,
what is he but a mindless, powerless, half-witted punk?
what is it? you have something to say to me?
pm upset!!
what?! are you saying you want to have a go at dabura-sama?
you don't know your own place! that's why i say you're a fool!
it looks as though majin boo has been botched, kaioshin-sama!
does it look like he was botched? that is majin boo!
worthless bravado!
m-magnificent!
incredible, majin boo!
to think how easily you defeated dabura there!
utterly magnificent!
it rose! majin boo's ki rose explosively!
h-he's strong! he's too strong!
such unbelievable strength...!
it transformed into an extraordinary ki there!
he's no ordinary guy after all, this majin boo!
j-just now, for just a moment, we felt an amazing ki, right?
y-yeah...
what's going on here, really?
say, which way should we go?
let's see... the ki over this way is kind of a spooky ki, right?
the majin must be this way!
yeah! the majin has to be more interesting than the other, right?
yeah!
all right! that settles it! go!
that wasn't any kind of trick...
"tenkaichi tournament."
who the hell are those guys?
is there something...
ls there something about to happen again?
mister satan, congratulations on your victory! congratulations!
how was it? any observations about this tournament?
well, of course, it ended up just as i said, didn't it?
this ain't the time for us to be doing something like this!
we're the ones that let that monster out!
do i care?! it has nothing to do with our fight!
everyone's going to be killed! everyone! bulma and trunks, too!
shut up! shut up! shut up!
i sold my soul over to babidi in order to wipe out that placidity!
it's none of my concern what happens to anyone!
you're filing!
you're lyinggg.
you ain't sold your soul over entirely.
all right.
we'll postpone the fight.
after all, majin boo is apparently worrying you
and you can't seem to concentrate.
vegeta!
hand over one of those senzu things.
we've both lost quite a bit of power, after all.
if we all work together, i'm sure we can beat majin boo!
not even you could help having been caught off guard.
i am the one who released majin boo,
and i will be the one to put him away.
settling up with you will come afterward...
if i'm still alive.
incredible! you're incredible!
now, majin boo, do as i tell you!
i am your new master!
you defy me?
a-are you sure it's okay to disobey me?
i've seen my papa's notes,
and i know something-the spell to seal you up in your ball!
you don't want to go back in there, do you?
all right! that will do! that will do!
kaioshin-sama, isn't majin boo still something like a child?
if we defeat babidi there, would he perhaps not do such maniacal things?
th-that won't do!
if babidi is gone, then it will become impossible to seal up majin boo again!
despite how he appears, majin boo is really a terrible monster!
before long, he will grow beyond babidi's control,
and then, the time when he is sealed up again is sure to come!
until that time, all we can do is patiently sit tight.
e-even though i am a kaioshin,
i am helplessly chagrined at myself that there is nothing i can do.
it wasn't supposed to be like this.
i was sure i would be able to defeat babidi and halt majin boo's revival!
l-if i knew it was to be like this...
if i had known that there were those such as you,
who even while being human, had power which so greatly surpassed my own...
and despite having that other method...!
other method?
no, it's too late.
we can no longer escape from majin boo.
the two of us will not likely return alive.
what are you saying?!
if it's just escaping, we can manage something or other!
all right!
okay, majin boo, this is your first command.
kill those two there!
kaioshin-sama!
it's okay! i can count on my speed!
what are you doing, boo? you're letting them get away!
h-he's disappeared!
it can't be!
you die!
wh-what's this?! majin boo is one extraordinary fellow!
he has wondrous speed and power!
behind that merciless smile lurks the terror of death!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
majin boo has been revived.
with his overwhelming power, majin boo has defeated dabura,
as well as gohan, in a moment's time.
m-m-magnificent!
incredible, majin boo!
to think how easily you defeated dabura there!
utterly magnificent!
elsewhere, knowing of the majin's revival,
vegeta hits goku unaware, and resolves to head off to fight alone.
however, at that moment, majin boo had kaioshin cornered!
"the terrifying majin!! death's dread draws near gohan."
great! great, majin boo! get him! get him! get him good!
gohan-san...
th-this can't be!
kaioshin-sama!
outstanding, majin boo!
kill him! kill him!
k-kaioshin-sama...
o-okay then...
how about that?!
what?!
yow!
oh, my! have you come all the way back here?
well, well now...!
oh, really? does it hurt, kaioshin?
yeah, this is quite the misfortune!
huh?! again?!
what's wrong? what's wrong?
are you taking a nap in a place such as this?
no one could think you're the one who stands at the top of the world!
it serves you right!
i know! how about i strike the final blow?
are you all right, kaioshin-sama?!
damn, and just as it was turning out well, too!
what kind of guy is this? i had no effect on him at all!
you're in the way! you get lost!
gohan-san! look out!
we can't see him any more!
fly away, to the ends of the universe!
p-please, be a-alive...
hey! did you do something just now?!
"heaven."
those guys... those guys...
who the hell are they?
i won't have it!
i absolutely forbid you to keep company with this weakling boy!!
i've got to calm down!
come to mention it, how was videl,
who isn't part of that group, able to fly through the air?
ha! is that it?!
it's so absurd, i'd never even thought of it before,
but maybe humans are naturally able to fly!
otherwise, there's no reason videl was able to!
ahem...
if those mysterious guys are able to so much as fly,
then there's no reason the world's strongest martial combatant,
mister satan, cannot!
that's not it, huh? in that case...!
um, we're with the mister satan fan club...
this was nothing, here!
see, i was just developing a new finishing attack, is all...
you had this coming to you, kaioshin!
you've quite thoroughly been an encumbrance,
but i am thankful to you!
after all, thanks to the people you brought with you,
majin boo was able to be revived!
it's only a feeling of gratitude.
i'm going to kill you personally!
i'm sure my papa, who was killed by you, will be pleased with me too!
enough of this!
hey, majin boo, you can finish off kaioshin now!
hey. majin bogl!
i'm hungry. gonna eat 'im!
that's great! you can eat him, huh?
that means a death worthy of kaioshin!
okay! majin boo, eat up kaioshin!
gobble him up so that not even one hair remains of him!
dabura, are you still alive?!
and here, you've really done it to me now, dabura!
that's strange. it was supposed to be right about here.
h-hey, isn't that it?
all right! let's descend! yeah!
goten, let's stop being super saiyan.
we'll be found out if they sense us!
yeah!
huh? we don't know any of these guys!
that's not so! look!
the one who's down over there.
he's that strange guy we saw at the tournament!
oh, you're right!
has he been finished off?
say, trunks-kun, which one is the majin?
wh-which, you say...
from here, we're too far away for me to tell!
hey goten, let's get a little bit closer!
b-but... ah! wait up, trunks-kun!
sheesh! i can't tell at all!
and where in the world do you suppose papa or gohan and the others went?
big brother...
say, trunks-kun...
what is it, goten?
look over there! see?!
what could that be?
all right, let's go look!
piccolo-sen!
oh, it's a mannequin?
ah, it gave me a start!
this is made of stone!
but why would there be a mannequin of piccolo-sen in a place like this?
there's also a mannequin of kuririn-san over there!
this is weird!
y-yikes!
t-trunks-kun!
o-oh, no!
looks as though they didn't notice us!
babkdk-sama, he-
majin boo is by no means the kind of guy who will be a loyal follower of yours!
at some time... at some time, he will definitely get out of hand!
the day when disaster befalls you will come!
unless we dispose of him now, while we can, something terrible will happen!
shut up! shut up! shut up! shut up!
shut up! shut up!!
how could you do this to majin boo?! my precious majin boo!
how dare you?! how dare you?!
babidi-sama'.!
how dare you?!
m-majin boo! are you okay?
wh-what?!
impossible!
outstanding! outstanding!
just what you'd expect of my papa's creation, majin boo!
i'm gonna eat you!
having beaten kaioshin, as well as gohan,
with overwhelming strength, majin boo closes in on dabura.
will dabura actually be eaten?
and, at this time, what of goku and vegeta?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
majin boo has strength beyond imagination.
in the face of this strength, kaioshin and gohan,
unable to take any action, were beaten.
d-dabura!
babidi-sama, he... majin boo is by no means
the kind of guy who will be a loyal follower of yours!
gonna eat'cha!
and so, majin boo closes in on dabura.
"'gonna eat'cha!!' a hungry majin's supernatural power."
if i break this cover and go through, i'll be in babidi's spaceship.
i should be able to reach majin boo's location quickly if i demolish the spaceship. most likely.
gohan's ki has already disappeared, huh?
forgive me. it's my fault.
kakarrot...
i'm gonna eat'cha!
e-eat me, you say?
what?!
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'cha!
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'<: ha! gonna eat'
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'cha!
aw, that's okay! so long as majin boo is revived, i have no more use for dabura!
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'<: ha! gonna eat'
dammit!
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'cha!
why you!
majin boo!
how about that, majin?!
great! great, majin boo!
i'm gonna eat'cha!
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'cha!
that guy's ki is getting bigger and bigger, fast!
all right then, how about this?!
after that, no matter the majin he may have been...
i-impossible! the majin! i-it can't be!
you got him, didn't you?
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'<: ha! gonna eat'
wh-what?!
gonna eat'<: ha! gonna eat'<: ha! gonna eat'
gonna eat'<: ha! gonna eat'<: ha! gonna eat'
that's every bit my majin! all right! get him good, majin boo!
gonna eat'cha! gonna eat'cha!
you turn into a cookie!!
magnificent! magnificent!
nice going, majin boo!
he ate him! that guy turned him into a cookie and ate him!
y-yeah...
kuririn-san!
you guys!
what are you guys doing here?
huh?
yet up until just a moment ago, you were a stone mannequin!
a stone mannequin?
that's right! i was spat upon by that guy with the horns...
dabura or whatever... and turned into stone!
i'm back to normal.
i wonder, could that be the guy who was just eaten?
that's it, that's it!
since that guy died, kuririn-san returned back to normal, didn't he?
i'm g-going to go look at something.
what's the matter?
trunks-kun knocked over piccolo-san's mannequin and broke it.
trunks-kun!
y-you'd better not look.
t-trunks, did you...
p-please, keep this from everybody, okay? okay?
keep what from everybody?!
vvh-what is it?! this terrible kl'?! i-is it him?
don't tell me it's majin boo!
say, piccolo-san? how did you get back to normal? huh?
as long as my head is unharmed, i can regenerate.
but never mind that, tell me what the hell is going on here!
where are goku and the others?!
i don't know! we just barely got here too.
hey, what is that strange guy over there?
is he that m-majin boo guy?!
probably.
y-you've gotta be kidding me!
th-this terrible ki belongs to him, right?!
i know! majin boo!
him too! eat up kaioshin too!
is that kaioshin-sama?!
hey, stop, piccolo!
if you go out there, what do you plan on doing?!
be patient! i know how you feel, but you have to be patient!
frankly, he's an opponent not even you can match up against! that's for sure!
he was stabbed through with a spear, but it was no big deal to him!
and he turns his opponents into candy and eats them!
what am i gonna turn you into to eat?
maybe choco? maybe jelly drops?
what a tragic end, for someone such as yourself!
wh-what?!
what?! what?!
m-my spaceshipl!
l-it can't be!
dammit, dammit, dammit! what's the meaning of this?!
hey, majin boo, do you know who did such an awful thing?
is someone there?
y-you're...!
yo'.!
it's papa!
vegeta?
vegeta, what are you doing here?
veg eta-san...
y-you don't mean, you're the one who destroyed my spaceship?!
yeah. it was a bit rough of me, but i used it as a shortcut.
vegeta! why youm!
h-how come?! you were never ordered to destroy the spaceship, right?!
indeed! why can't you listen to what you're told?!
i've never seen anybody like you!
is that uncomely, ridiculous-looking guy majin boo?!
why, you... how dare you kill gohan!
s-so, what did papa say?
piccolo!
g-gohan...
un-come-w'?
what's that? what's that?
he means you're ugly, that you have a strange face!
hey. now!
majin boo!
such a pleasant fellow!
now i'm mad! gonna kill ya! gonna kill ya!
rotten vegeta! fine!
majin boo, get him!
he defies me like crazy, so i'm done with him!
hey, that monstrous freak just made his ki even larger!
what kind of guy is this?
papa! give it to that majin!
vegeta...
kill him, majin boo! kill vegeta!
kakarrot...
you were someone who entirely grated on my nerves.
not only did you always stay one step ahead of me,
but after you ended up saving my life...
you died on me!
however,
this one time, i'm going to settle things.
you have a good, long sleep.
when you awake, everything will likely be over.
though i may not be around.
i'm not going to hell alone!
i'm taking you all with me!
th-this won't do! vegeta-san is intent on dying!
papa's awesome!
this just might be... just possibly might be it!
wh-what power!
this can't mean...! boo! majin boo!
way to go, papa! give it to him! give it to him!
with his life at stake, vegeta has begun his battle.
will vegeta's super power be enough to defeat the invincible majin boo?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
incredibly, majin boo has turned dabura into a cookie and eaten him!
challenging the majin to battle alone,
vegeta was overwhelming majin boo with his super power.
"a warrior's resolution!! i will dispose of the majin."
v-vegeta...
wh-what's the matter? what is majin boo doing?
a-awesome! vegeta is unbelievably strong!
way to go! way to go, papa! you're incredible!
give him some more! way to go! way to go! give him more!
him as well... vegeta has also surpassed even super saiyan...
such inordinate power... as when gohan fought against cell-no, even greater!
h-however, that same gohan was himself done in by majin boo!
so long as we don't know the whereabouts of goku,
if this current vegeta is ineffective,
there's no one in the world that can stand against majin boo!
vegeta, the fate of the earth... no, the entire universe rests on your shoulders!
m-majin boo! impossible! there's no way my majin boo can lose!
awesome!
he got him! he got him! he got him! he got him! he got him!
that's my papa for you!
uh huh! did you see that, goten, my papa's strength?
yeah! uncle is incredible!
of course he is! after all, he's my papa!
what?
great! great! majin boo, this time it's our turn!
kill vegeta!
papa! go!
he did it! he did it! he did it!
it's true! that was amazing!
l-it can't be!
majin boo... my majin boo...!
he did it!
that hurt a bit.
what are you, immortal?
great! great, majin boo! get him! get him!
why, you...
why, you...!
th-this is bad!
hey, wh-what are you...?
why, you...
i hate you!!
b-barrier!
g-get out of there!!
that was close!
you guys, are you all right?!
that was close, that was close!
ow! ow, ow, ow, ow!
huh? what about goten?
d-don't scare me like that, goten!
here. thank goodness, huh, lizard-sen!
kaioshin-samal!
papau.
d-damn it all!
hmph! how can this be?!
y-you're strong, on top of which, you're immortal... it's ridiculous!
dirty bastard!
you're a tough one! to think you're still alive!
if only you hadn't defied me, you could have been such a good servant!
what a shame!
papa .
even vegeta is utterly no match for him...
gohan is dead, and even kaioshin,
the legitimate ruler over all the world, has been vaporized.
wh-what is to become of this?
papa... papa can't lose, right? not to the likes of that majin!
you're finished now. bye-bye. bye-bye. bye-bye. bye-bye! bye-bye!
wh-what do i do? what the hell can i do to beat this monster?!
you're one creepy punk! what are you thinking of doing?
don't you toy with me!
hmph! i could handle that scale of attack with my eyes closed!
what?!
this is bad!
oh boy, oh boy! oh boy, oh boy!
he'll be killed! what the hell happened to goku and gohan?!
a-are they already dead?
y-you think my big brother would die?!
k-keep it under control, trunks!
even if you were to go, there's nothing you could do!
you'd just die for no reason!
you'd only be hurting vegeta all the more!
no way!!
trunks-kun!
trunks has sprung forward in order to save a critical vegeta!
however, the menace posed by majin boo is surely closing in on the warriors.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
having taken vegeta's ferocious assault, boo has at last let his anger explode!
why, you...
why, you...!
l hate you!!
hmph! how can this be?!
you're strong, on top of which, you're immortal... it's ridiculous!
dirty bastard!
you're finished now. bye-bye. bye-bye.
bye-bye. bye-bye! bye-bye! bye-bye!
k-keep it under control, trunks!
even if you were to go, there's nothing you could do!
you'd just die for no reason!
you'd only be hurting vegeta all the more!
no way!!
"for those whom he loves... vegeta perishes!!"
wait!! trunks!
trunks-kun! i'm going too!
goten!
stop! it'll be the same if you go!
don't do anything futile!
but uncle and trunks-kun...!
if my big brother were here, he'd definitely go!
goten!
ah, dammit!
what?!
wh-what was that just now?
uncle! - papa!
papa!
who are those pipsqueaks?
did he still have some companions around?
well, it's all the same, no matter how many of those guys there are!
papa!
are you okay, uncle?!
shake it off, papa!
papa! papa!
papa! papa! papa!
is he dead? don't say such a stupid thing!
there's no reason papa would die from just this, you know!
b-but, it's impossible for him to fight anymore!
get this, goten! pick out your ears and listen well!
i heard this from my mama. papa is-get this-the proud saiyan prince!
a prince?!
that's right! my papa is incredible!
you think the saiyan prince would be beaten by the likes of that guy?!
ah, papa!
uncle!
t-trunks...
what happened to him?!
still alive, are you?
it would have been so much easier for you if you had just died and gotten it over with.
you're such a fool!
my majin boo is invincible!
you'll be killed together with those pipsqueaks!
majin boo is reprehensible enough...
but you're the most reprehensible one of all, babidi!
y-you...!
you're as pallid as ever, aren't you? you're green!
well, it's no wonder,
now that you've seen the strength of my majin boo's with your own eyes!
it's normal that your complexion should change, you know!
my face is naturally this color. don't get so full of yourself!
you're just a lowly madoshi!
wh-what did you say?!
you've got a lot of nerve, don't you, angering me so?!
all right, i'll have majin boo kill you in the most painful way there is!
that's kind of you, but i must decline.
you can no longer be allowed to make use of majin boo.
what?! i want you to stop your nonsense!
majin boo may be too much, but i'll bet i could kill you!
barrier!
how about that?! i can manage a little bit too, you know!
papparapa!
majin boo! boo! majin boo!
what are you doing?! this one! kill this one!
are you sure you're able to kill me?
f-fool! if you kill me, majin boo can never be sealed up again!
l-if that happens,
majin boo will destroy the whole universe until there's nothing left!
is that okay with you?!
the same holds true even if you aren't dead! am i wrong?!
this can't be! i was going to be king of the world!
who did it?!! who made this happen to me?!
trunks, take good care of bulma... your mama...
wh-what do you mean by that, papa?
"take care of your mama?"
you guys go take shelter somewhere, far away.
i fight alone against majin boo!
u-uncle?
no way! we're going to fight too! papa, you'll be killed fighting alone!
if the three of us fight, we're sure to defeat him!
right, goten?! yeah!
we're strong, you know!
no chance. no matter how many of us were to attack him...
in the usual manner of fighting, anyhow...
uncle! if the three of us fight, it'll be easy, easy!
this isn't like you, papa! getting all pessimistic!
yeah! right, right!
uncle, you have to always act like a big shot!
yeah!
trunks, from the time you were a baby,
i've never once given you a hug, have i?
let me hug you.
p-papa...!
wh-what is it, papa?
c-cut it out! you're embarrassing me!
take care, trunks...
p-papa...!
trunks-kun!
uncle, how come?!
how come you hit trunks-kun?!
how come?! how come you hit trunks-kun?!
that's awful! that's awful, uncle! uncle!
how come?!
vege...
who was it that hit me just now?
take these two and get as far away as possible. hurry.
i'm counting on you, piccolo.
you intend to die, don't you?
just tell me one thing.
once i die,
will i be able to meet kakarrot again in the other world, or wherever?
at a time like this, it's not going to help for me to speak in consolation,
so i'll tell you directly...
that's not possible.
you've killed too many sinless people.
when you die, your body will become nothing,
and your spirit will be carried to a different world than goku's.
there, your spirit will be cleansed, your memory will be lost,
and you will be changed into a new life form.
is that so? too bad.
that's enough. get going, and hurry!
yeah.
look here! i won't let you get away!
hold it, majin boo!!
you take on them after you've defeated me!
got that, you ugly balloon scum?!
you said something bad about me again, didn't you?!
even though you're a wimp!
you' re a smart-fleck'.!
hurry, kuririn!
hurry and get away from here!
r-right!
you die, right now!
i'm really mad, you know!
i've figured out how to put you away, at last!
h-hey!
what is vegeta planning to do?
like that, there's no question he'll be killed, right?
for the first time, he's about to fight for someone other than himself,
as he lays down his own life!
you're still so weak!
should i turn you into choco and eat'cha?
or maybe a cheese cracker?
in order to defeat you, i'm going to make sure you can't restore yourself,
by blowing you to tiny bits!!
farewell! bulma... trunks... and you, kakarrot!
v-veg eta!
vegetal!
a warrior vanishes in a distant, astonishing light.
his name, vegeta, the proud saiyan prince.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
vegeta had run out of actions he could take
against the overwhelming power of his greatest foe, majin boo.
but then...
take good care of your mama.
trunks-kun!
uncle, how come?!
at last, vegeta prepared himself for death,
as he resolved to lay down his life in battle against boo.
in order to defeat you,
i'm going to make sure you can't restore yourself,
by blowing you to tiny bits!!
farewell! bulma... trunks... and... kakarrot!
"the nightmare revisited!! majin boo has survived."
v-veg eta!
vegeta!
vegeta!
piccolo!
it's too late! that's the mark of vegeta's life burning out!
you said it yourself, didn't you? that vegeta is laying down his life,
and for the first time, fighting for someone else?
videl-san, you're sure that gohan and goten went off to where these horrible.
madoshi and majin boo guys you were talkin' about are, right?
yes.
gohan aside, how come you didn't stop goten for me?
i blame you for this, videl-san!
i'm sorry. i never would have thought that goten and trunks would go too.
videl, don't worry about it too much.
after all, those two little urchins aren't the kind to listen
to what you would have told them anyhow.
moreover, goku and the others are with them.
there's nothing to worry about!
right.
that aside, you're sure this is the right way?
yes. they should be way in front of us.
all right! i'm speeding up!
why... why would vegeta do such a thing?
vegeta!
impossible!
it can't be!
it's not so! there's some kind of mistake! vegeta...!
for him to do something, like killing that many people...
bulma, don't worry so much about it!
the dragon balls are meant for times like this!
it's okay! everyone who died can be brought back to life!
that's not the problem here, is it?!
hey now, no crying!
hey! fly this thing right!
sorry, sorry!
y-you know, at the time, there was something strange about vegeta.
he was filled with the same kind of evil vegeta had back in the past when he was so terrible.
yup! he wasn't normal!
i wonder if he's returned to being the vegeta he was when he first came to earth.
hey! didn't i just tell you to fly this thing right?!
it's not my fault!
damn! what the hell is this?
it's like the whole sky is being pulled apart!
what was that just now?!
a great explosion went off somewhere in the distance.
what's this? my heart is trembling...
i-it can't be! vegeta...!
l-it's no use! it looks like that shock gave us engine trouble!
i can't control it!
what?!
yamucha-san, do something!
dammit!
l-it's no good!
i'm leaving her with you!
what happened?
vegeta...
vegeta's ki has completely vanished.
kuririn, take these two back to their homes for me.
i'm going to go see how it turned out.
i'm going too!
that's right, there's nothing i can do by going.
be careful!
kuririn, it won't do for me to keep quiet about this...
afterward, tell the family.
tell them... what?
i don't know about goku, but gohan...
gohan has already been killed by majin boo, it seems.
y-you're kidding!
that's what i heard. vegeta said so.
i leave it to you. h-hey!
it can't be... even gohan? how do i tell them?
yamucha, what was that blast back there?
i'm not sure. it was an incredible blast, wasn't it?
ah, thanks to no. 18-san, we've been saved!
this is incredible.
vegeta...
so that's it.
however much damage he takes on, majin boo can regenerate himself.
you've blown him into so many pieces as to keep him from doing so.
vegeta... you've sacrificed your very self...
for the first time, you fought for someone else, and died.
you've extinguished yourself... for you to die, and leave nothing behind...
a fitting end for the high pride of vegeta...
we've been saved by him, have we?
d-damn...
babidi!
hmph! still alive, are you?
as weak as you are, you sure are persistent!
looks like you survived this with your barrier.
m-majin boo...!
struggle around, will you? i'm going to finish you off!
what?
the fragments from majin boo...!
wh-what?!
i-impossible!
how can this be?! majin boo is alive!
b-boo...!
majin boo...!
you been buried?
n-no, no! look closely! closely!
what happened to your feet?
never mind about that, quickly, quickly...!
you'd think they'd be kind of important, though, huh?
h-hey! return me back to normal!
back to normal?
you should be able to do it! hurry up! i'll die, you know!
no reason i couldn't do it...!
what are you doing?! do it now!
i could do it...
do you want to get sealed up again?!
hurry and do it!
all right, nice work, majin boo.
but then again, those bastards! they're the ones who did this to me!
that green guy and those two runts! you're absolutely going to pay for this!
i won't wipe out this whole planet at once!
i'm going to make you suffer!
we'll show them how terrible babidi-sama and majin boo are!
being on the ground is too dangerous!
we're taking these two to kami's palace!
piccolo! what do you mean? what happened to vegeta?
what happened to majin boo?
piccolo, d-don't tell me...!
majin boo has survived.
th-that can't be! what about vegeta?
not even a trace.
which means, you're saying vegeta died for nothing?!
in any case, we're taking these two to kami's palace.
y-yeah...
our only star of hope now is these two...
faint hope though that might be.
we're turning this planet to hell, majin boo!
until those guys show themselves, kill everyone there is! kill! kill!
gohan-san... please... please be alive...!
madoshi babidi and majin boo have both been restored.
however, it is undetermined whether gohan, who kaioshin is relying on, is alive or dead.
is there any remaining means of resisting boo now?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
vegeta's life was shattered in vain as he put his life on the line challenging majin boo.
and babidi, who had been cut in half by piccolo,
was revived by boo, and his anger set ablaze.
that green guy and those two runts!
you're absolutely going to pay for this!
will the earth be turned to hell by majin boo?
"the struggle of videl and the others! find the dragon balls."
where could gohan and goten have gone off to?
auntie, rather than these dragon ball things,
we should first be searching for gohan and the others, shouldn't we?
hmm, bulma-san?
we checked there, but no one was around, right?
there's no way for us to look for them past that.
for my part, i'm not unconcerned about vegeta and trunks myself.
especially since vegeta was acting so strangely.
goku is together with them, so i think they're okay.
we've already gathered six of the dragon balls.
once we get the last one...
bulma-san, don't tell me you're thinkin' that gohan and the others are already dead, are you?
that we can have the dragon balls bring them back to life?
no, that's not what i'm thinking...
as long as we don't know where everyone is,
i think that first we should bring back to life all those spectators
that were killed as a result of vegeta. i... feel so sorry for them...
let's hurry up findin' the dragon balls then.
where's the last one at?
let's see...
can we really bring everyone back to life with these balls?
if we appeal to shen long, he will grant us any three wishes.
yamucha, just keep going straight for the last dragon ball!
rogen.
yamucha, it's around here! what's beneath us?
looks like it's the island in the very middle of this lake.
it's there, no doubt about it. land there!
okay!
yamucha! can't you land any better than that?!
sorry, sorry! this wasn't a very good place for it!
old man! what are you doing?!
this wasn't my fault! i just automatically slanted this way!
if you want to complain, talk to yamucha!
pafu-pafu-pafu!
just like a real human!
ah! my neck!
why, you dirty old man!
oh, please, no...!
i'm gonna be crushed!
but that was the tops! the tops!
things're gettin' terrible again, huh?
yeah. aren't there any more senzu?
we gave the last three of 'em to goku, y'know!
you guys're gettin' too greedy!
just like always, you know the wrong thing to say.
kuririn, hang in there tough!
i'm gonna hold off here an' see how things go.
you shut up! you're no use to anyone, so just be quiet! let's go, piccolo.
we've been expecting you. are those two all right?
are injuries severe?
they're not injured. vegeta only did enough to knock them out,
so it shouldn't be too serious.
let them sleep for a bit inside.
that's easy enough. pope'?
got it.
majin boo... a fearsome devil has come back to life.
mm. at this point now, those two are our only slim hope.
dende! do you know what's happened to goku?
you needn't worry about the late goku-san dying again.
i guess that's right, huh?
however, goku-san seems to have taken great damage.
what about majin boo and madoshi babidi?
their ki, filled with evil, grows greater and greater.
and gohan?
unfortunately, i cannot feel him.
i see.
dende, can you feel kaioshin-sameifs kl'?
piccolo-sen, you must be able to feel it too, right?
yeah. it's become weak,
but i can definitely feel kaioshin-sama's ki.
yes. piccolo-sen, what's going to happen to the earth now?
if you, the kami over the earth can't tell, there's no reason i should be able to!
sorry...
even kaioshin-sama had this much difficulty against this enemy.
you have to know that our chances of winning against them are very slim.
i wonder what's going to happen now.
laid the two down to sleep. they fine soon.
can't fight if hungry. meal is ready. quickly!
be my guest.
kaioshin-sama, is there nothing more i can do but stake everything on those two little ones?
gohan-san... please be alive...
we will need your power... to defeat majin boo...
stop!
why didn't you avoid that?!
here it is!
bulma! hang in there!
isn't anyone going to help her? auntie! hang in there!
who is she calling auntie? how rude!
what are you doing?!
bulma!
you dummy! you can't eat that! you dummy!
ah'. thief'. thief'. thief'.'.!
take this!
gotcha!
yamucha, you have to take responsibility for this!
dive in after and chase it down!
right. right!
dive from up here?!
this suit was kind of expensive, you know!
you can always take it off!
the trunks i'm wearing today are awful flashy though...
come on! it's getting away, you know!
i think i've come down with a cold today...!
no. 18?
i don't handle water very well. you know that, don't you?
this is no time to be saying that, already! chichi-san, please?
all right!
videl-san! you're gonna be gohan's bride! don't go gettin' hurt!
we're counting on this, four-star-ball!
me too!
flashy trunks be damned! if i don't go now, i'm not a man!
see here, videl-san's gonna be gohan's bride! keep your paws off!
cut it out! don't embarrass me any further!
i've got a cold! a cold!
here you go!
good luck, there!
ah'. muten roshi-sama'.!
pee-yew!
let's get over our colds quickly!
turtle hermit, thanks.
that's our muten roshi! he's not just a dirty old man!
boo! boo! turn to the left!
o-or you can go right, too, just turn!
damn... vegeta took the last remaining senzu.
he knocked me out and went off alone to where majin boo is, didn't he?
i can feel majin boo's ki, but vegeta's ki ain't there!
did he get beaten?
i can't feel gohan's ki either.
piccolo and kuririn are alive.
they must have been returned from stone back to normal.
those two might know what's been going on!
how long do you suppose until the two pee-wees wake up?
let's see, probably another hour or so.
i can't stand this. both vegeta and gohan are dead.
i weep for them!
this is the worst!
we don't know what happened to goku, at all.
say, dende... or rather, kami-sama, would it be okay
if i brought everyone in my family here?
i guess that would be wrong, huh? us only choosing to save our own folks.
what about that? you're kami. use your own judgment.
i don't think i would mind.
after all, it's because of everyone that we have the earth here now.
it's the least i can do.
thank you! i'll go and call them now!
th-that ki! it's...!
yo'.!
goku! then you survived?!
you might say i survived, but i'm still dead, you know!
i guess so! you still have the halo and all!
kuririn, i came to hear what happened.
what happened yourself?! you're pretty banged up!
i will heal you, goku-san!
yeah, dende, if you would!
piccolo, now that goku has come,
our hopes for fighting majin boo have just gotten greater, haven't they?
goku's heavily damaged body is healed through dende's mysterious power.
are there any means left for goku and the others to defeat majin boo?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
was vegeta's death to no end?
accompanied by majin boo, boasting his fearsome power,
the time that madoshi babidi begins to unfold his plans for revenge
has drawn ever closer.
piccolo and kuririn took the only remaining hope for earth, trunks and goten,
to seek shelter at kami's palace, where dende and popo were waiting for them.
elsewhere, having been taken by surprise and knocked out by vegeta,
goku finally regains consciousness.
i can feel majin boo's ki, but vegeta's ki ain't there!
don't tell me he got beaten! not him!
i can't feel gohan's ki either.
piccolo and kuririn are alive.
they must have been returned from stone back to normal.
those two might know what's been going on!
th-that ki! it's...!
yo'.!
goku! then you survived?!
"enormous hope!! a new finishing technique for the little squirts."
and that's how it is.
how can it be?
to think that gohan, kaioshin-sama, and even vegeta could get beaten!
majin boo's strength is, as feared by kaioshin-sama, beyond our imaginations.
if we leave him alone like this, then there's really no mistaking it...
never mind earthlings, every living being in the universe will be wiped out.
but goku, your having survived is the one fortunate thing among all this misfortune.
er, you have the halo there, so you haven't really survived,
but i mean you haven't died... no, that's not right, you're dead, but alive...
aaugh! this is getting me all mixed up!
goku, you're the only one that can defeat majin boo.
you can only stay in this world for one day, right goku?
there's still a little bit of time remaining, and so, you can manage something!
kuririn...
i'll say this plainly. it's no use. i can't beat him.
th-that can't be!
i can't beat majin boo.
g-goku?!
there wasn't hardly any difference in power between me and vegeta.
vegeta gave all he had, yet majin boo is still perfectly fine, right?
sorry, but no matter what i do, i can't win.
so that's it? not even goku can help, huh?
i guess not...
damn! if either vegeta or gohan had survived,
there might still be something we could do...
no, no matter how many of us gang up, it probably would do no good.
majin boo isn't at such a level as that.
naw, that ain't it. we could use fusion.
wh-what's this "few..." whatever business?
fusion!
fusion... merging together, right?!
you know about it, dende?
yes! i've never seen it, but when i was on planet namek, i heard about it.
it's the specialty technique of the metamorans, they said.
that's it! i had one of the metamorans i met in the other world teach it to me.
what kind of technique is it?
it's a unification technique that can be used only if
the powers and body sizes of two people are pretty close.
unification technique?
in other words, by having two people unite into one, they become a new individual,
with awesome powers that neither one of them could have on their own!
yeah?
come to mention it, piccolo-san and nail-san
also underwent a form of merging, didn't you?
ours was an assimilation.
impossible... how can this be?
what incredible power!
what an unbelievably fearsome power this is!
is this what uniting with someone is like?!
i will win! regardless of the opponent, i cannot lose now!
i have now obtained the ultimate power!
assimilation is certainly awesome, but this fusion thing is even more awesome!
the metamorans who taught me, right?
they were both weak, gentle little guys, but once they used their fusion,
they transformed into quite a formidable warrior!
i've got a good understanding of it.
after all, in the case of nail and me,
just by assimilating, we had quite a power up.
if either vegeta or gohan were alive, you could have done this fusion,
become some extraordinary warrior, and fought against majin boo, right?!
yeah. of course, it took me about a week to learn the technique.
even supposing vegeta or gohan had survived,
it would probably have been impossible to teach it to them.
i can't stay in this world more than a day, and all.
on top of that, i've been taught the technique, but i've never tried it out.
there ain't anyone about the same as me in the other world.
in any case, it would've been impossible.
no, it's not impossible!
kuririn, what do you mean?
goku, you'll be returned to the other side pretty soon, right?
but the dead gohan and vegeta will be there too, won't they?
you can still do this fusion, can't you?
hey, yeah! there is that way!
no, it won't work.
goku cannot come to this world once more,
even if he were to accomplish fusion.
two sleeping inside, goten and trunks, power and size about identical.
can they do fusion?
it's too much for them, right?
no... nice work, mister popo! that's the way! there is that way!
goku-san!
way to go, way to go, mister pope'. you did it'.!
but goku, do you have time?
yeah. i'll teach fusion to the half-pints up to the last minute,
but just that ain't going to be enough time.
piccolo, why don't you take over training them afterward?
you got it.
yea! we've got hope now!
those two pipsqueaks just might be able to pull this off!
however...
it will take quite a bit of time for trunks and goten to master this fusion thing.
during that time, a considerable number of people will become casualties of majin boo.
they might all even be exterminated... no, the whole earth could possibly be destroyed.
we'll have to risk it.
whatever happens, we have to be prepared to endure anything until the pee-wees master fusion.
piccolo, even if they are exterminated,
as long as you guys have the dragon balls, you can return things to normal.
that's right, huh?
there's still some hope remaining!
h-hey! majin boo!
b-boo! w-watch out!
stop!
b-boo! do something! do you want to get sealed up again?!
what's that? some event, probably.
majin boo, enough already!
bulma, let's hurry and call forth shen long!
say, is this really for real?
such a cute face, yet she's so skeptical, huh?
videl-san, keep those eyes peeled wide and watch!
this is somethin' you won't be seein' on tv!
but it's unbelievable that a dragon can come out of those balls!
bulma, you know the incantation to call out shen long, right?
of course! we're not going to goof up the way freeza did!
bulma, yell that spell well!
oh, dear!
whoa, whoa, whoa! old man! this is no time to be making poor jokes!
of all the...!
there's an incantation, huh? i guess that fits...
bulma, hurry and summon shen long so we can bring back to life
all the spectators killed by vegeta.
i know.
come forth, shen long, and grant me my wish!
all right, in any case, i'm going to go get everyone.
what? it's suddenly gotten dark!
l-it's...!
shen long is coming out? wh-why?!
bulma-san is the one who gathered the dragon balls, right?
she must not know the situation yet! why would she call up shen long?
that's it! vegeta killed a bunch of people at the tournament grounds!
she's trying to bring them back to life!
th-this is bad! if all three wishes get granted,
it will be another year before any more wishes are possible!
okay, i'll go right away and stop them.
damn, bulma and the others' kiare hard to search out...
y-you're kidding!
wh-what's that?!
unreal!
i shall grant thee any three wishes.
a-am i dreaming?!
speak thy wishes now!
um, how shall i word this...?
such a hassle! bring back to life everyone that died today!
oh, and leave out the bad guys!
that should do it, right?
thank you!
bring back those people who have died? is that really possible?
all right, i have granted the first wish.
we're not dead, huh?!
banzai! we're back alive!
here it is!
i shall now hear your second wish.
aw, hell! i wasn't in time!
so n-kun! goku! goku!
goku-sa, where have you been?!
where's gohan?! where's goten?!
chichi, there ain't time for this! i'll tell you later.
dende, can you hear me?
yes.
i was a bit late.
shen long has already granted a wish, but just one. what should i do?
l-is that so?
in that case, please tell him the other two wishes are all right for now.
if there's only been one, then we can use him again in four months.
so that's it, got it!
oh, and one other thing!
everyone's gathered together here,
so tell kuririn for me that i'll bring everyone there.
yes, understood.
okay!
shen long! that's all the wishes this time around! thank you!
we'll be counting on you next time!
well then, farewell.
wh-what is it, goku?! what the hell is going on now?
l-i'm sure i'm supposed to have been killed by dabura...
well, let's do this.
h-have i come back to life? unbelievable...
where is kaioshin-sama?!
gohan-san...
and that's it. everybody, you're coming with me now to kami's palace,
where kuririn and the others are waiting for us.
got it. in another four months,
i'll be sure to find the seven dragon balls again!
yeah, we're counting on it!
okay, everybody, grab onto me. i'm going to instantaneously move!
t-to think this world existed! i'm not dreaming, huh?
papa, mama, what are you doing? hurry and join hands.
we can't bear to leave our animals behind, so we're going to remain here.
wh-what are you saying?
surely seeking shelter for yourselves is more important than your pets right now!
right, mama?
bulma, if mama is killed by this majin boo,
you can just bring us back to life with the dragon balls.
mama is staying with papa.
y-you can't be...
son-kun...?
bulma, if the worst happens, you have to search for the dragon balls.
huh? videl-san, aren't you goin'?
yes, i'm going! i'm going!
all right! everybody, let's go!
so, let's go give our pet-chans some food.
wh-what was that?!
no sooner am i thinking it just got dark than it's light out again!
well, i guess none of that matters! majin boo, shall we begin?
are babidi's plans for revenge about to get underway?
what is the fate of the earth?
the faint remaining stars of hope, trunks and goten, still continue to sleep...
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the fearsome majin boo!
vegeta staked his life challenging him to no avail, and fell, shattering to bits.
was there no way remaining to stop madoshi babidi's schemes?
however, having arrived at kami's palace,
goku told piccolo and the others about a way to oppose majin boo.
we'll use fusion!
fusion! merging together, right?
it's a unification technique that can be used
only if the powers and body sizes of two people are pretty close.
unification technique?
in other words, by having two people unite into one,
they become a new individual,
with awesome powers that neither one of them could have on their own!
knowing goten and trunks, they might be able to do it!
there's still some hope remaining!
"goten and trunks... the world's most wanted."
k-kaioshin-sama! wh-what in the world happened?
oh... you're alive?!
g-gohan-san is alive... still... gohan-san...
hey! majin boo, where do you think you're going?!
hey!
hey, you! why don't you watch out?! really, you bastard!
you're finished now. bye-bye.
bye-bye?
you' re a smart-fleck'.!
squeeze!
wh-where are you going?!
hey, hey, hey! boo!
c-customer, sir, are you hurt?
welcome! what can we get for you?
everything!
(everything, you 53)'?
majin boo! what are you doing?! let's go!
still don't feel like i've eaten.
what's this?! who are you?!
okay! that should be about enough, right?!
let's go!
still don't feel like i've eaten.
ah, wait a minute! majin boo!
wh-what are you doing?! let me go! how ill-mannered of you!
you're the ill-mannered one here, aren't you uncle?
uncle?!
please pay for those cakes!
include the cost for repairs to the door, the show window,
and everything else, if you please!
i won't let you go until then.
sweetheart, you don't seem to know who i am.
not in the least!
you'll learn whether you want to or not soon enough, but i'll tell you anyway.
whether or not this world continues on its way to destruction is entirely up to my will!
i am madoshi babidi-sama!
i don't care if you're a madoshi or a keiyoshi, you'll have to pay your bill!
how rude of you! papparapa!
she vanished!
would you like to try vanishing too?!
help me!
attention criminals! cease your futile resistance and come out quietly!
majin boo! haven't you had enough yet?!
no good. this cake is yummy, but doesn't make my tummy full.
majin boo! right now!
do you want to be sealed up again?!
don't move!
you're under arrest for destruction of property and failure to pay your check!
dammit!
still don't feel like i've eaten.
don't get so mad.
come on, let's go agonize that green guy and those two runts now!
i'll teach them! i'll show them quite a scene real soon!
k-kaioshin-sama!
k-kaioshin-sama! kaioshin-sama!
thank goodness! there's still time!
kaioshin-sama!
k-kibit!
what is this? were you not killed by dabura?
is that so? what an odd occurrence.
yes. it's surprising that the power to return one from death
would be found on this planet.
that's right!
kibit, please hurry! gohan-san is also in peril!
we absolutely must not allow gohan-san to die!
kaioshin-sama!
majin boo! how about getting back into a good mood already?
i'm hungry!
kibit, can you feel it? majin boo's enormous power energy?
yes, of course!
quite honestly, i am filled with despair.
there can no longer be any days of rest for any living thing throughout the universe.
the situation that we most feared has become a reality.
it's not necessarily hopeless. i have come to see a faint light.
don't tell me this is somehow related to son gohan!
that's right.
his power, already beyond imagination, can become something even more fantastic,
perhaps even surpassing majin boo!
what's that?! impossible, how can that be?
you did not see how incredible those three saiyans are,
so you probably cannot imagine it.
we must find him quickly!
gohan-san's ki is very weak, but i feel it coming from those trees.
he should be around here somewhere.
there he is! over there!
he's alive! but he's in as much jeopardy as you were, kaioshin-sama!
thank goodness!
kibit, let us perform gohan-san's power restoration...
after we arrive in the kaioshin realm.
d-don't tell me you intend to allow a human
to set foot inside the kaioshin realm!
that holy region into which not even the grand kaio has set foot?
that is correct. come, let us hurry!
right. kai-kai!
what's up with bulma's father and mother?
they couldn't stand to leave their pets behind.
they said if they do get killed we can just bring them back to life with the dragon balls.
that's just like your parents, huh bulma?
i guess so.
if only we knew where tenshinhan and them are, we could let them take shelter here too.
more importantly, where are gohan and goten?
and trunks and vegeta?
so, where are they at?
goku?
i'll say it, since it's something that has to be said.
goten and trunks are fine... but gohan and vegeta are dead.
they've been killed by majin boo.
g-gohan-kun... it can't be!
gohan...
ch-chichi!
v-vegeta...
no!!
bulma! get a hold of yourself! bulma!
chichi!
chichi!
l-i won't have...
such a thing...!
goku, things have gotten awful, huh?
karin-same...
i couldn't just sit still, you know?
this is an enemy even greater than freeza or cell
you've fought up to now, goku.
an evil one has now indeed appeared.
i'm hungry-
there's no helping you!
i know! i just had a good idea! this should cheer you up.
goku, let's hurry and teach them fusion.
that's fight. pope, where are trunks and goten'?
can you hear me, people of earth?
i am the madoshi babidi!
oh, don't look for me, you won't find me!
i'm speaking to your minds through magic.
sorry to interrupt while you're living peacefully.
the thing is, i had a rather disagreeable thing happen to me today,
at the hands of a certain trio of fools.
i'm looking for those fools now.
what is this?
are you hearing this too? yeah. what's going on?
close your eyes and watch, i'm about to project their images.
what's he doing?!
can you see them now? i'm looking for these three.
come on out! you must know who you are yourselves!
if you don't come out...
i know, why don't we introduce ourselves?
i am the terrifying madoshi babidi-sama!
and this is my servant, the even more frightening majin boo!
he's a strong one!
there is utterly no one around who can beat him!
can you see this city?
if those three fools do not come forward,
let me show you just a little of what will happen.
s-stop!
i don't much care for things to get all messy,
so i will kill everyone in this city in a smartly manner!
okay, begin, majin boo!
help!
th-that scum! what is he planning to do?!
what should i make you? i've had enough cake, so... okay!
you turn into hard candy!
all the people on this planet will end up like this!
babidi's terrible plans to call out piccolo and the others have finally begun.
will everyone be devoured up by majin boo
before piccolo, trunks, and goten show themselves?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
madoshi babidi's strategy to call out piccolo, trunks, and goten,
who have concealed themselves in kami's palace, has finally commenced.
okay, begin, majin boo!
okay!
you turn into hard candy!
all the people on this planet will end up like this!
"gohan revived... kaioshin's secret weapon!?"
if those three don't come forward, everyone is going to be eaten up!
and now, there's no reason to have this city here with no people left in it, right?
i have no choice but to sweep it up for you! okay, majin boo, make it clean!
not too hard, though, or the whole earth will be wiped out!
okay! okay!
that guy's getting cocky now!
my, my, my, looks like he messed it up instead!
i'll say it one more time.
him, and him, and him.
tell me where they are,
unless you'd rather be turned into candy and eaten by majin boo!
let's see, it will take about five days to exterminate every earthling.
and so, i think it would be best if you tell me soon.
piccolo, shen long will do anything for us.
right, right! i almost forgot something important!
how are you supposed to contact me?
call to me inside your head.
you just have to think out a little bit, and then you can talk to me.
of course, contact from those people themselves is most welcome!
i'm sure those three were...
hey! if he doesn't find them fast,
we're all going to be turned to candy and eaten!
doesn't anyone know them?!
i don't know who you are, but where are you hiding?!
come out now!
we're going to be turned into candy and eaten because of you!
if i am turned into candy here and eaten now,
then all the studying i've done for my entrance exams will have meant...
that i did it all for nothing, you stupid jerks!!
we were to have our wedding tomorrow.
we've done everything we could to save up for our marriage.
what have you done with my life?!
it isn't my fault!!
oh? looks like i'm being contacted right away!
um, i am the one who was in charge of the tenkaichi tournament that was held today.
mm hmm, and...?
those three were entered into today's tournament.
oh? so, who are they?
um, his name is ma junior, and the children are... trunks and goten.
their names don't matter, i want you to tell me where they live!
uh, n-no, i do not have their addresses...
just names? those don't mean anything!
his head...!
i must turn down trivial information and prank calls.
you don't want to die like he did just now, right?
how awful!
i'm quite busy.
after all, i have to go all over now and wipe out the people and cities of earth!
majin boo, let's go!
well, next might be your location!
and let me say now, that there's no use in hiding.
after five days, i plan on blowing every last bit of the earth to bits!
well, i'll be waiting for that information!
d-damn... that bastard!
what kind of guys are these?
popo head hurts.
th-they... are the ones who killed vegeta and gohan-kun, right?
yeah. some awful guys sure have come around.
in five days, they really could blow the earth to smithereens.
there's no reason to watch as those people are sacrificed. i'm going out.
what sort of foolishness are you saying, piccolo?!
if you die, who will there be to teach fusion to trunks and goten in place of me?!
if they can't perform fusion, majin boo cannot be beaten!
in any event, they are going to destroy earth. that's for sure!
until they master fusion,
a considerable number of people will become casualties of majin boo.
we'll just have to endure it... it was you that said so, ain't it?
everyone who's dead, and everything on the ground that's been destroyed
can be brought back with the dragon balls.
so don't worry about it!
what he says is right!
that's right! now is the time for patience, right?
understood...
where is this?
i don't know this place!
hey, goten!
wake up! hey, goten, i say!
yeesh, can't do anything with you!
i know! goten! time to eat!
food?!
where? where? where? where's the food?!
ow, ow, ow! of all the...! you are such a glutton!
trunks-kun, where is this?
i don't know! this is my first time!
this is the first time for me too. wow!
what an expensive-looking dish!
never mind that, what are we doing here?
wh-where's papa?!
that's right! we were...
and then papa...
yeah.
take care, trunks.
t-trunks-kun!
why?! why did you hit trunks-kun! that's awful!
how come?!
trunks-kun, where's uncle?
goten, let's figure out where this is!
what is this place?
there's nothing here, huh?
where those two go?
okay, kibit, restore gohan-san's power.
right.
h-huh?
kaioshin-sama...
where is this...?
the kaioshin realm, or if you like, my world.
kaioshin-sama's...?
s-so that's it. i've died after all, haven't i?
huh? i don't have a halo like dad does...
no, you're okay. it was close, but you are alive.
then, why am i in a place like this?
what do you mean by calling the kaioshin realm "a place like this?!"
from the beginning, the kaioshin realm was a holy place,
where not even kami or kaio could come, let alone humans.
surely, you're supposed to be dead! can you come back to life?
n-no, i cannot. i don't understand myself, but for some reason,
i have come back to life. a strange thing has happened.
ah, really? um, why have you brought me here?
i was wanting to ask that as well!
kaioshin-sama, why have you brought a human to this sacred place?
we're going to use the z-sword to defeat majin boo!
knowing gohan-san, he's sure to be able to use that blade.
th-the z-sword?!
a-are you in your right mind, kaioshin-sama?
there is no way any human should be able to use the z-sword!
not that legendary blade,
which so many kaioshin-sama before could do nothing with, let alone myself!
kibit, you were dead, so you do not know of gohan-san's unbelievable, amazing power.
z-sword?
b-b-but no matter how strong he is...
in any case, let us go try it. son gohan-san, come with us.
entrusting the z-sword to a human... kaioshin-sama, what in the world...?!
yummy, huh trunks-kun?
say, where do you think this is?
where did uncle and piccolo-san and the others go?
goten! talking should not be done in the middle of a meal!
you've got a few bad manners.
no matter what happens, you should be quiet during meals.
sorry, trunks-kun.
just so you know.
found you!
plenty appetite! no worries!
wh-what are you doing?!
we were wrong to eat without asking first, but there's so much here,
you won't miss a little bit, stingy!
damn! why, you son of a... hey, goten! do something here!
this is no time to be just casually eating!
trunks-kun, it's bad manners to speak in such a loud voice.
you idiot!
you're the one who said meals should be spent quietly, trunks-kun.
i was a fool for counting on you!
incredible power, greater than son goku when child!
goten, let's get out of here!
yeah!
wait!
get him! yeah!
goten, get out of here now!
yeah!
nice going, goten!
both of you, stay there!
father!
uncle...
goku, both full of spirit.
yeah, we'll have to have them work hard for us.
these children could be awesome if do fusion.
this sure is a nice place here. it's a lot like the place where i live.
those clothes are unworthy of this holy region.
it suits you well, gohan-san!
y-you think so?
over there, son gohan-san.
this blade is the z-sword.
please pull it out.
as far as i know, there has not been anyone capable of pulling this blade out.
pull it out?
seems like there was something like this in ancient folklore...
y-you're lying! papa beaten by that guy?!
it's a lie! a lie! a lie!
big brother is dead!
stop crying! there ain't any time for it!
if you don't like it, then hurry and learn this new technique and avenge them! got it?!
i know it seems harsh,
but babidi might find out about this place sometime.
we start training immediately!
are you using the room of spirit and time?
no. you can only use that room for two days during your lifetime, right?
there might be a time afterward that they need it.
it's okay. knowing these two,
they'll make fusion their own in a considerably short time.
let's begin!
piccolo, you be sure to learn this well yourself.
trunks, goten, hang in there!
you two, stop your endless sobbing!
you guys are going to defeat majin boo!
trunks and goten are about to be taught fusion from goku.
gohan is about to dare to pull out the z-sword as well.
will this be the ultimate weapon to defeat majin boo?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
goten and trunks, having been given sanctuary in kami's palace,
finally regain consciousness.
the two have decided to learn fusion, a technique of unification, from goku,
who has little time remaining in this world.
okay, kibit, restore gohan-san's power.
elsewhere, with kaioshin and kibit's help, gohan narrowly escapes death,
and is revived in the kaioshin realm.
kaioshin-sama... wh-where is this...?
use the z-sword to defeat majin boo!
knowing you, gohan-san, you should certainly be able to use that blade!
this blade is the z-sword.
please, pull it out.
gohan challenges the z-sword of the kaioshin realm,
said to be able to defeat even majin boo!
will it prove to be the ultimate weapon to defeat majin boo?
"it came ou~t!! the legendary z-sword."
you know, to think that gohan-kun, who even defeated cell,
couldn't stand up to that meat roll...
goku is now followed by gohan...
and now, you gotta be feelin' more sorry for chichi than ever.
hey, hey, hey! everyone has already decided they're dead,
even though we haven't even found any bodies!
how come?!
it's strange that you should know that gohan-kun has died!
look, we know how you feel,
but seeing as how we feel absolutely no ki from him...
it must be that gohan...
is no longer of this world...
i... don't believe it...
i... won't believe it!
i absolutely won't believe such a thing!
gohan-kun...
all right!
um, kaioshin-sama, what happens if i pull out this, er, z-sword?
it is said that you will obtain tremendous power.
yes, maybe even enough power to exceed majin boo.
really?
you suppose that means an incredible capacity to cut? how dreadful!
don't you worry. you won't be able to draw it out.
kibit, be quiet and watch on.
okay, gohan-san. give it a try.
right!
all right...
why you lousy...!
damn! ow, ow, ow!
are you all right, gohan-san?
it's no good, it won't even budge.
okay, okay, okay...!
super saiyan, huh? well, i think you'll have the same results.
it's no use! how can a human extract something
so many kaioshin-sama have challenged and found unable to pull out?
come on out!!
look! he did it!
wh-what?!
u-unbelievable...!
how do you like it, gohan-san? the legendary z-sword!
it's remarkably heavy.
r-right now... i don't feel as if i've gotten any incredible power...
is that so?
i wonder if i can really use this to defeat majin boo.
what are you saying?!
the z-sword is the mightiest blade ever to come to this holy region!
it can surely defeat majin boo!
of course, that might be impossible if its bearer wields it so unsteadily.
until you are freely able to handle that blade,
you cannot very well challenge anyone to battle.
you might say that, but try holding this for a moment.
it really is incredibly heavy.
ready? here.
see? just like i said.
w-well, i suppose that's about right.
what's about right?
good question.
in any case, you must become able to freely use the z-sword!
r-right...
now listen. even if your fusion succeeds and you join together,
you can only stay that way for thirty minutes.
after thirty minutes, you return to normal.
once you return to normal, you'll be incapable of fusion for a little while.
only thirty minutes? that's pretty tough.
i think that, knowing these two, if they can just do the fusion,
they'll definitely defeat majin boo.
fusion is just that fierce.
okay, first, both of you turn super saiyan!
what's wrong?
uncle, what were you doing when papa and gohan-san were getting killed?
i was knocked out.
knocked out? you were unconscious at the time?
are you sure you're not just a coward, uncle?!
we're not going to become stronger by learning techniques
from someone who doesn't fight, but runs away and hides!
wh-why you rotten...! goku is...!
it's okay, piccolo.
i really am a coward. unfortunately, i ain't able to beat majin boo.
but even if i am a coward, i can still teach you this fusion technique.
if you really want to avenge vegeta and gohan, this is the only way.
what should we do? even so...
here i am again!
people of the earth! it's madoshi babidi and majin boo!
this time we've found a city much larger than before!
this place is going to be wiped out!
that is, unless ma junior, trunks, and goten,
the three of you come here immediately!
hey. this image, isn't this our city?!
no mistake about it! it's this city!
l-look! o-over there! majin boo and him are there!
h-he's talking about us!
trunks-kun, close your eyes and watch! you can see boo and him!
don't look! you're better off not seeing!
well, well, there's still no word from those people themselves, or from anyone else.
what a predicament! the casualties are only going to increase!
i know, last time it was hard candies, so... hmm, this time,
turn them all into chocolate or whatever and eat them!
all right, majin boo, turn every last person in this city into chocolate!
you turn into chocolate!
l-it can't be!
the townspeople, they all became choco!
"in training."
hey, isn't that policious city?
no doubt about it! h-how can it be?!
what are you so upset about?
one who presumes himself to be a martial artist is not perturbed by things such as this.
besides which, you should be training!
do not think about anything else, and focus your mind!
right!
humans unmistakably can fly,
our bodies have just forgotten how to use the power that allows us to.
otherwise, videl and those others would not be able to fly!
all right, do it!
now, let go!
awake, my body, and grant me new-found power!
t-terrible news, mister satan!
fool! haven't i always said that during training, no one is permitted in?!
p-pardon me. but there's terrible news!
wh-what's this?
our hero, mister satan! please defend the peace of our earth!
you're up, mister satan! put majin boo away!
th-that's easy for you to tell me...
our mister satan! satan, please!
champion of justice, our hero!
satan! satan! satan!
ladies and gentlemen, there is nothing to worry about!
hiding nothing, i am currently training to develop a new finishing technique!
as soon as the training is finished, i, mister satan,
will punish that ridiculous majin boo with the new finishing technique!
wh-what do i do?!
'urp...!
wh-why those...!
apparently, majin boo is full from all that choco just now.
and so, we go on to the next city.
let's see, which way should we go this time?
babidi! majin boo!
you hear me?! this is trunks!
this is goten!
well, well... at last, contact from the people themselves.
listen! right now it's impossible,
but very soon, we are absolutely going to slaughter you!
absolutely!
hey, stop speaking to babidi! he'll find out about this place!
hey, where are you? where did you go? come out here!
are you hiding, you cowards?!
let's do this fusion training properly!
goten and trunks resolve to master fusion.
at last, the training to wipe out majin boo begins!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
gohan has at length pulled out the z-sword, the legendary blade of the kaioshin realm,
said to be able to defeat even majin boo.
on earth, as part of babidi's plan to call out piccolo and the others,
majin boo continued over and over to turn people into candy and eat them.
let's do this fusion training properly!
to defeat majin boo,
goten and trunks have decided to master the fusion merging technique.
"metro west is targeted! stop, majin boo!!"
okay, there ain't much time! goten, trunks, let's begin!
hm? what's wrong?
so, is this fusion thing really an awesome technique?
you'll see once you try it!
somehow i don't expect much from this old guy.
i mean, he was unconscious as papa was getting killed!
quickly, both of you become super saiyan!
o-okay.
all right. now, raise your ki to their upper limits!
full-blast, now.
okay, let's surprise them, goten!
yeah!
wh-what?
what's this?
these ki... goten and trunks? incredible!
naturally! he's vegeta's son, after all!
those kids could do it. fusion.
yes.
ho, when did they get as strong as this?
all right, that's full-on, right?
y-yeah...
trunks, your ki is just a little bit larger.
for you to do fusion, you have to completely match your ki together.
trunks, hold your ki down just a little bit and make it the same as goten's.
th-the same?
about like this?
that's too small. raise it a little more... a little more... a little more...
stop! that's it! remember the size of that ki well.
okay, go back to normal.
that sure is hard.
why is it that i'm the one who has to match up with goten?
sorry, trunks-kun.
it can't be helped, you know. don't complain, you're a whole year older than goten, right?
hold on there, son-kun!
i heard that just now!
don't you go doing anything to stunt trunks' talents!
bulma-san!
out of my why!
you can't interfere in their training!
let go of me!
look, just leave this up to goku and piccolo!
what are you doing?!
good grief!
put me down! kuririn!
kuririn!
let goku handle this!
yeah, i know!
i just wanted to take a second to say that! indeed!
trunks-kun, i'm going to try hard, so let's do it one more time!
hm? okay.
fusion, huh? if it were me and goku...
kuririn, that's too big! match up with goku!
goku! hurry and become more like me!
well, who's to say that wouldn't have happened?
that's right! the only one left that can protect the earth is me, satan!
i don't mean saving little fish, and i don't mean saving big fish!
i'm here to save the earth, where all of you live!
you'll see, i will surely save us from the hands of majin boo!!
this i now swear to you!
way to go, satan! we're counting on you!
good luck!
and now, ladies and gentlemen, i now return to my harsh, bitter training!
however, i will endure any training, no matter how harsh!
and so, briefly, until we meet again, ladies and gentlemen, farewell!
satan! satan! satan!
that went over so well it scares me.
but you know, if majin boo were to come while i'm in the middle of training,
i'm screwed.
i won't be able to teach them any lessons.
but, since i'm in training, there's nothing i'll be able to do about it.
i'll get him! satan! satan! satan!
the terrible majin boo threatens to destroy the earth!
and yet, where are ma junior, trunks, and son goten,
whom majin boo and babidi seek, and what are they doing?
this isn't any laughing matter!
if they don't show themselves quickly, it'll mean trouble for us!
trunks?
trunks! knock a hole in his dumb-looking face right away!
it couldn't be! not that hateful little brat!
i don't want to die over that brat!
i have to hurry and tell where he lives!
mama, i'm sure his house is in metro west!
really?
yep.
okay then. ldasa-chan, lkose-chan, listen up.
everyone concentrate together.
where shall we go now?
babidi! babidi! can you hear me?
what's this?
trunks lives at the capsule corporation in metro west.
i want you to quickly go and put him to some terrible fate!
who is this?
me? i'm on the board of the pta.
i don't usually tattle on people like this,
but that uncouth, snotty little turd cheated during his matches earlier today.
in those matches, both ldasa-chan and lkose-chan were running fevers,
and not in their best condition.
otherwise, there's no way my refined sons would have lost to those brats!
shut up! i'm grateful for your information,
but just you try talking to me in that shrill voice of yours again!
i'll kill you!
well, i never! and after i told him everything! how dreadful!
okay, next, raise your kiall the way to the top in your regular forms.
starting out with fusion as super saiyans is pretty hard, after all.
people of earth!
i just received some significant information.
it seems that one of those three urchins, trunks,
lives in a house called the capsule corporation, in metro west.
perhaps we should go and see him. you'd better come on out!
otherwise, the city where you live will cease to exist!
damn! who ratted me out?
grandpa and grandma are still at home!
trunks-kun...
son-kun, did you hear that just now?
papa and mama are going to be killed!
it's okay, we can bring them back to life with the dragon balls.
metro west is also going to be destroyed!
we can return that to normal too, with the second wish.
no, we can't.
after using the first wish to bring a large number of people back to life,
only one more wish will remain.
now that you mention it, that's right.
in that case, you could just tell shen long
to "return everything back the way it was" or something, couldn't you?
there you go.
yeah? how about that?
no, wait! i'm not sure things would go too smoothly.
son-kun, it really will be bad if metro west is destroyed!
the dragon radar will also be lost!
that is a problem.
okay. trunks, you return home as fast as you can,
get the radar, and bring it back for us!
i will delay majin boo and babidi for a little while.
w-will you be all right? uncle, can you delay them?
won't you get beaten right away?
well, if it's just for a little while, i can manage something.
never mind me, hurry! or else they'll reach metro west first!
trunks, be careful! if it gets dangerous, come right back here!
okay!
trunks-kun, good luck!
got it!
is everything really going to be all right?
oh well.
all right, time to fly!
trunks is going to come back safely. don't worry, bulma.
but still...
he'll be okay, i said.
he's your and vegeta's son, after all.
son-kun...
now then, where are those two?
goten, just sit tight for a bit, okay?
right!
that's a good boy.
okay, there they are.
hey, see here! you're flying too fast!
i'm almost falling off, you know! you moron!
idiot! don't get sidetracked, go to metro west!
why did you suddenly stop?!
yo'.!
you!
so that's it. here i thought you'd been killed by vegeta,
but you're still alive, huh?
you know, i have to thank you. as you can see, thanks to you,
majin boo has returned!
both vegeta and i looked too lightly upon you.
how could we have known that majin boo would be this awesome?
we didn't think this could be possible.
of course he is! my papa made him, you know!
so, what is it? why have you come here?
i know, you've come to tell me where those three are!
you can't mean that. one of the three is my own son.
i just came to give you a warning.
warning? a warning, you say? to us? this is most amusing.
i know, why don't i let everyone on earth hear this.
listen here, those three are definitely going to show themselves in the near future.
i promise.
so just wait until then!
stop the unnecessary destruction and picking on the weak!
why should we wait? are they planning something?
yeah. they're in special training in order to defeat you.
to defeat us, you say?!
they could train for a thousand years and nothing would come of it!
sure about that?
you expect us to wait for that? they can come here right now!
otherwise, we keep killing earthlings!
after all, we're enjoying these acts of destruction!
i'll bet. that's what i thought you'd say.
well then, you'll have to let me oppose you for just a little bit.
interesting! boo, show him just how terrifying you are!
he seems to want to die just as vegeta did!
what's wrong?
why, you...
hey, majin boo! what are you doing?! go, get him!
come on, show him your power! hey! come on!
okay, okay.
what's wrong with you?
you're that strong, yet you're still under babidi's thumb?
majin boo! quiet, you! don't go saying anything funny!
majin boo is my servant!
of course he listens to what i tell him to do!
wh-what? do you want me to use the spell and seal you up again?
if you seal me up, you're gonna be killed by him!
wh-why you, when did you come by such uncalled-for wisdom?
but i'll kill him for you. i hate him for acting goody-goody.
sheesh, guess there's nothing left to do.
how should i kill you?
watch very closely, earthlings!
we're about to show you what happens to any fool that tries to go against us!
here goes!
is this... father's ki?!
that's right! your father is one incredible guy!
l-it can't be...
th-that old guy and papa have about the same amount of power!
awesome!
useless! useless!
vegeta did that, and he still got killed!
well, shall i see about going once more beyond a super saiyan
that's gone beyond super saiyan?
go even beyond super-whatever that's gone beyond super-whatever?
goku... what are you talking about?
what's this? go beyond even a super saiyan that's gone beyond super saiyan?
can goku obstruct majin boo until trunks reaches metro west?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
to defeat the outrageous majin boo,
goku has begun his fusion special training with goten and trunks!
elsewhere, where madoshi babidi and majin boo are...
i just received some significant information!
it seems that one of those three urchins, trunks,
lives in a house called the capsule corporation, in metro west.
perhaps we should go and see him.
you'd better come on out!
otherwise, the city where you live will cease to exist!
son-kun, it really will be bad if metro west is destroyed!
the dragon radar will also be lost!
all right, trunks...
you return home as fast as you can, get the radar, and bring it back for us!
i will delay majin boo and babidi for a little while.
yo'.!
i'll kill him for you. i hate him for acting goody-goody.
majin boo and babidi are headed toward metro west.
can goku possibly stop them?
well, shall i see about going once more beyond a super saiyan
that's gone beyond super saiyan?
( an astounding, great transformation'). super saiyan 3. 
go even beyond having gone beyond super-whatever...?
what is all this?
what the hell is this guy saying? i don't get it at all.
majin boo, hurry and put this guy away, and let's go to metro west!
by all appearances, he seems to be utterly weak, and yet...
and yet, as an opponent, not even vegeta could do anything against him.
i have to do something to keep him here until trunks can get the dragon radar.
i wonder if trunks has reached the capsule corporation yet.
no, he's still on his way.
hm? trunks' ki ain't moving.
is he just standing there?
hurry it up, already!
if possible, i didn't want to take my form even beyond super saiyan...
this is goten's father's k1"?! it's an incredible ki!
besides that, all of a sudden, he's traveled way past me!
is this that instantaneous movement technique?
do you hear me?! come on!!
go get the radar now!!
r-right!
wh-what?
who the hell are you talking to? what radar?
nothing at all. don't worry about it.
it could be that old guy is about as strong as papa was...
in any case, i have to go get the dragon radar fast!
it would seem you've got something futile planned, huh?
perhaps.
there's no way around it. shall we buy a little time, then?
why'd you go back? you giving up?
that ain't it.
what i'm doing is explaining to you about super saiyans
so you can easily understand.
super... saiyan?
you needn't take the trouble. we don't even want to know about it.
aw, don't say that. ready?
first, this is my usual state, right?
this is me as a super saiyan.
and then...
this is a super saiyan that's gone even beyond super saiyan.
so, i guess you could call it super saiyan 2.
just insignificant transformations!
no great change between them, is there?
and then...
from a super saiyan that has gone beyond super saiyan,
h-he's going beyond even farther?
y-you're just bluffing, right goku?
to think there's something even higher...!
this...
g-goku...
is going even further beyond super saiyan...!
s-stop, goku! i-if you do that, your remaining time will disappear!
your time is limited!
l-lncredible! his ki is swelling up more and more!
father...!
wh-what is this...?!
awesome! it's even bigger than it was earlier!
ah, i shouldn't be doing this!
i have to hurry!
stop! stop it, goku!
attacking the earth...
th-the entire earth is shaking!
l-is this goku's power? even with us so far away?
wh-wh-what's happening?!
this is super saiyan 3!
sorry it took so much time.
i'm still not used to this transformation.
l-is that goku?!
th-this ki... don't tell me this is father's, on earth...
no, it isn't...
y-yes, it is!
it's son goku-san.
it's an extraordinary energy, but i'm certain of it!
m-most unbelievable!
for any power to reach this sacred region from earth...!
d-dad! what in the world is happening?!
you might have made a scary face, but i'm not at all scared!
th-that's right, you fool! what about this super-whatever-3?
you're just trying to look tough!
majin boo! give it to him right away!
that's right. let's hurry and do this.
through me, everyone on earth is watching this! boo, put him to shame!
ain't trunks done yet?
i'm home!
he's there! trunks has arrived there!
he made it! now the dragon radar will be all right!
way to go, trunks!
grandpa!
trunks, welcome home.
my, my, my! you're just in time! i just prepared some tea.
there isn't time for that!
oh! would you have preferred milk over tea?
or perhaps some cocoa?
no, it's not like that!
um, so what are some of the other things that trunks likes? juice, maybe?
or maybe iced coffee?
no, no! say, where's the dragon radar?!
dragon radar?
uh-huh!
ah, let's see... the dragon radar... mm... as i remember...
hurry up! hurry! hurry!
get him, majin boo!
boo!
majin boo! what's the matter with you?!
boo!
awesome! incredible, goku!
father! you can beat him like this, for sure!
i'm not so sure.
to be sure, goku is so incredible that we can't believe it.
however, even so, i'm not sure whether or not he can defeat boo there.
this majin boo, is he really that terrible?
yeah...
someone is fighting with boo!
incredible!
i don't know who you are, but hang in there! take out majin boo for us!
what are you doing, boo?!
b-boo!
hey, what was that? what was that?
what happened! did he get him?
great! great!
sheesh! hardly any damage at all?
that's vegeta's technique!
you lousy rat...
it appears you absorb all of an opponent's techniques
just by fighting with them a little bit.
what's the matter, boo?! hurry up and take care of this guy!
goku! that's enough. leave it at that!
if you keep using that extraordinary power,
your time on earth will be drastically reduced!
you have to teach fusion to the little ones!
for a goody-goody, you're pretty strong.
same to you.
hey, majin boo! what's taking so long?!
hurry up and beat that guy!
you shut up!
wh-what? what's this?!
you dare take that tone toward your master?
hey, see here! are you listening to me, boo?!
i'm telling you to hurry up and defeat that guy!
trunks still hasn't left yet.
trunks! what are you doing?! hurry up!
trunks?
radar! radar! come on, where is it?
i'm sure it's around here.
i knew it! you were contacting that trunks kid!
hey, boo!
beat this guy up thoroughly and make him tell us where trunks is!
yeesh. i guess i have to buy us even more time.
way to go, goku! that's the way!
father...!
goku has gone even beyond having gone even beyond super saiyan!
his force is brutal!
not here, not here, not here, not here, not here!
not here, not here, not here, not here, not here!
it isn't anywhere!!
hasn't trunks found the dragon radar yet?
it's possible that goku might defeat majin boo!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
madoshi babidi and majin boo, in order to call out trunks, goten and piccolo,
head toward metro west to destroy it.
son-kun, it really will be bad if metro west is destroyed!
the dragon radar will also be lost!
all right, trunks...
you return home as fast as you can, get the radar, and bring it back for us!
i will delay majin boo and babidi for a little while.
w-will you be all right? uncle, can you delay them?
won't you get beaten right away?
well, if it's just for a little while, i can manage something.
never mind me, hurry! or else they'll reach metro west first, trunks!
yo'.!
here i go!
and then, this is a super saiyan that's gone even beyond super saiyan.
and then... this...!
in order to delay majin boo,
goku went even farther than going even beyond super saiyan,
to super saiyan 3, and then fought him!
"bye bye babidi!! majin boo rebels."
boo! what's the matter! boo!
they're over our city!
how dreadful! how dreadful!
way to go, goku!
stay with it, father!
th-this is son?!
super saiyan 3 is far more ferocious than we can imagine.
nice going! nice going, boo! that's the way! crush him!
goku!
father!
it's okay! son won't be defeated that easily!
nice going! nice going, boo! nice going!
nice going! nice going, boo! nice going! nice going!
it's not here! the dragon radar isn't anywhere!
hmm, now where was it...?
shall we take a short break and have some snacks?
we'll do a full-scale search afterward.
there's no time for that!
if we don't hurry, metro west will be destroyed!
if we lose the dragon radar,
we won't be able to return all the dead people back to normal!
my, that is a problem.
go! give it to him, boo! way to go! way to go!
ah, for crying out loud...!
trunks' ki still hasn't moved! what are you doing, trunks?!
it's no use. i'll have to buy a little more time...
hey. you! where are you going?!
are you trying to escape?! you coward!
look! they're moving farther and farther away!
hooray! we' re saved!
nice going, majin boo!
father! hang in there!
goku! goku...
that has to be it!
what does?
trunks doesn't know where the dragon radar is.
sorry! after all of us went searching for the dragon balls earlier,
i left it inside the airplane!
d-does trunks know about that?
he couldn't!
then he must be figuring to look in all the wrong places, right?
come to mention it, he is taking a while...
we have to get in touch with trunks right away!
kuririn, a telephone! a telephone!
easy for you to say, but there aren't any phones here!
um, if it's a phone you need, i have one here.
videl!
since i work as a friend of justice,
i'm always carrying around a cellular phone with me, in case of an emergency.
all right! with this, we can contact trunks!
oh, videl, nicely done!
you go away!
you got him! you got him!
goku! that's quite enough! hurry and stop the fight!
if you use any more energy than this, the time you can be on earth will be gone!
this guy is much stronger than i had thought!
ah, bulma? how are you? is everyone doing fine?
fine! fine! can you put trunks on?
trunks? just a moment. trunks! telephone!
this isn't the time for that right now!
he says this isn't the time for that right now.
i don't have time for this either! hurry and put trunks on!
inside the plane? gotcha! i'll go get it right away!
the plane! the plane!
eh? do we have any planes in the house? oh... oh... oh...
oh, the plane?
the plane is right here.
okay, here goes again!
wh-wha-what the...?!
boo! majin boo!
majin boo! banzai!
don't tell me he's doing a kamehame-ha!
dammit!
a-all the way here, at this temple...!
incredible... it's an incredible fight!
we're this far apart,
and yet i can tell what's happening as if it were within my grasp!
gohan-san, it would be difficult for goku-san to win this after all.
majin boo is just that strong.
the best way to defeat majin boo
is still for you to master using that legendary blade, the z-sword.
understood.
it's quite difficult!
can we rely on this?
this is the legendary sword that generations of kaioshin were unable to wield!
b-be more careful!
i was almost put in danger, you know! you imbecile!
even so, that just now destroyed about one-tenth of the earth, didn't it?
what a friend to justice you must be! nyah!
boo! you're better than i expected! i'm surprised!
you don't have the face of someone who knows much,
but you've got a real gift for battle!
to think that you can read through an opponent's techniques
and instead make them your own!
the airplane is inside this capsule.
there you go, trunks.
it's here! it's here!
my! that's terrific! now, won't you enjoy some snacks...?
there isn't time for that! i'm in a hurry, 50...!
oh, my! he came all this way.
he could have eaten some snacks before leaving...
trunks' ki has started moving!
he's safely found the dragon radar and started moving away from metro west!
all right! this is where my role ends!
hey, why'd you go back to normal?
it's fun fighting you! let's do some more!
that's quite an honor. but i ain't got any more time.
i can't play with just you forever. sorry, but i have to get back.
idiot! do you think you can escape now?!
majin boo! make an example of him! kill this guy!
after you kill him,
we'll go immediately to metro west and destroy everything there!
we'll kill everyone!
by doing so, those three that opposed us are sure to come forward!
listen up, babidi!
the three who you're looking for-piccolo, trunks, and goten-
are guaranteed to appear in three... no, two days!
so until then, don't do anything, just wait!
stop killing people for no reason!
two days. just two days! that's okay, ain't it?
are those guys strong?
of course they are!
do you really think i will lend an ear to those words?
we're going to kill even more now, you know!
gee, that's too bad.
it sounds like it would be a rare, fun battle for majin boo.
hey, babidi!
i'm going to ask great king yama to see to it that once you get to hell,
you get squeezed plenty hard!
up yours!
so then, see you later!
h-he vanished!
wh-what was that all about?
that guy, why the hell did he come here?
hey, majin boo! you let him get away, didn't you?!
it's your fault for dilly-dallying around! you dimwit!
he's got to still be around here somewhere!
hurry and find him! hurry!
hey! didn't you hear me?! you do it! get going now! tubby!
babidi-sama?
wh-what is it?
i had a good idea.
what?! a good idea? an idiot like you?
i doubt it's anything too great, but go ahead and tell me!
you know what, babidi-sama?
what?! hurry it up! tell me quick, and then go after that guy!
you can't talk, right?
that means you can't say the spell to seal me up again!
father!
son!
you were incredible, father!
are you okay, son?
yeah!
trunks is apparently heading back here and all.
for the moment, we're out of danger, huh?
for the moment.
even if metro west is destroyed, as long as we have the dragon radar,
we can turn it back to the way it was.
the dead people, too.
i've taken a lot from you.
now i don't have any more to do with you.
i won't stand you any more!
die! you fool!
at last, majin boo has turned against madoshi babidi!
what will boo do?
will he continue his destruction? is there no one now who can stop boo?!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
in order to block madoshi babidi and majin boo
from heading to metro west and destroying it, goku turned super saiyan 3.
trunks' ki still hasn't moved! what are you doing, trunks?!
it's no use. i'll have to buy a little more time...
it's here! it's here!
my! that's terrific! now, won't you enjoy some snacks...?
there isn't time for that! i'm in a hurry, 50...!
trunks' ki has started moving!
he's safely found the dragon radar and started moving away from metro west!
all right! this is where my role ends!
see you later!
you let him get away, didn't you?!
it's your fault for dilly-dallying around! you dimwit!
i've taken a lot from you.
now i don't have any more to do with you.
i won't stand you any more!
die! you fool!
"absurdly awful-lookingl? the special training transformation pose."
yahoo!
yahoo! yahoo! yahoo! yea! yea! yea! go! go! go!
what's the matter, father?
h-hey, goku... goku...!
boo has gone and done it!
he killed babidi!
what did you say?!
n-now that you mention it, babidi's ki has vanished.
i got the feeling he was going to do so before too long.
he really has done it!
s-so that means that there's no one left to order boo around.
it could be that majin boo will now stand down quietly...
then, that means that peace will return to earth, right?!
i wonder...
it would be nice if that were so, but...
so, don't do anything, just wait!
stop killing people for no reason!
two days. just two days! that's okay, ain't it?
are those guys strong?
of course they are!
yea! yea! oh boy, oh boy!!
yea! yea! where should i start demolishing now?
over there! over there!
over there! over there! oh boy, oh boy!
isn't that...?!
ready .
60!!
s-spare me!
please! don't kill me!
do you think i look cool?
y-you look cool! really...!
well then, let's smooch!
you lied to me, huh?!
"popular super-star, barry karn."
i get it. earth women like this kind of man. okay!
how's this?
let's smooch!
no!! i won't!! i won't!! absolutely not!!
you're a selfish woman!
you turn into a caramel!
now then, it will be boring until those strong guys come, so...
i'll play around by eliminating all earthlings!
h-how awful!
so, we were too optimistic in our thinking.
now that he's all by himself, majin boo is enjoying destroying cities.
he's pretty nasty about that.
damn! if that rat felt like it,
he could wipe out the whole earth in an instant, everything here included!
it'll be all right!
he ain't going to destroy the whole earth at once, i don't think.
when i told boo that in two days,
someone even stronger than me was going to fight him, he seemed happy.
for the next two days, at least, you'll be okay here.
i feel sorry for the earthlings down in the lower realm, though.
well, in any case, we'll return everything back to normal with the dragon balls, so everything will be fine!
which means that no matter what,
we have to get those two to master fusion in two day's time.
that's what it means.
i have to teach them quick, or the time i have left will be...
i ain't got more than an hour!
o-one hour?!
that can't be right! you should have more time than that!
can we learn this fusion technique in just an hour?
that super saiyan 3 thing i did earlier?
it's a technique i can only use in the other world.
here in this world, where you have time, it uses up too much energy...
and all at once, it gets me tired out.
is that it? so that's why you're so short of breath, goku.
in that case, ask dende to have him replenish your energy!
no. this is something i have to go back to the other world for.
your remaining time...
is down to 30 minutes.
you better start getting ready to go back, goku.
uranai o-baba! only 30 minutes? is that all i have left?!
that's right, unfortunately enough...
damn! get back here fast, trunks!
are you all right, gohan-san?
yes!
it is utterly unbelievable!
for him to be able to swing around the same z-sword...
that generations of kaioshin found unmanageable in this short a time...!
it is indeed as i anticipated.
knowing gohan-san, he is certain to be able to defeat majin boo.
gohan-san, why don't you take a short break for the time being?
you are doing very well! better than i had imagined!
no, i still have much to do!
father continued his training, even in the other world.
even if just a little bit...
even if just a little bit, i have to become more like father!
majin boo is still alive, after all!
goku, there's something i want to ask now, while i can.
what's that?
with that super saiyan 3... if you had gone all-out,
you could have defeated boo, couldn't you have?
how about it? am i wrong?
eh. i don't know.
when it comes to majin boo's strength, everything's so unreal.
i think that beating him would have probably been impossible.
probably?
being that it was you, why didn't you try holding out until the end?
does it have something to do with that energy thing?
no...
i'm a person who ain't particularly even supposed to be here.
i shouldn't be the one to do it.
this is a thing that living people ought to do something to solve.
even if i were to defeat him,
someone else outrageous will appear at some time, right?
it's a dangerous risk to take...
but looking at those two ultra-prodigy squirts,
i decided to try taking that risk.
you're betting the future of earth on goten and trunks?
yeah. doing it this way is more promising.
you really are something!
it's too bad about gohan.
say, when you go back to the other side, tell him i send my regards.
i think the most regrettable thing about him dying is that he can't see you.
gohan adored you, after all...
hey! trunks has come back!
welcome back, trunks! well done!
i'm back!
i brought it with me! this, right? the dragon radar?
all right!
this is it! this is it!
as long as we have this, we can return the cities back the way they were,
and bring everyone who died back to life!
uncle, you're incredibly strong! you might even be stronger than papa!
that ain't so!
not your dad...
father, you said you were unconscious, so we thought maybe you were weak!
goten! trunks! the fusion training continues now!
right!
i only have a little bit of time left now.
unless you guys are all fired up, it really is the end of the earth.
understood?
yes, sensei! yes, sensei!
what's this, you've gotten considerably more submissive, huh?
looks like super saiyan 3 has served a purpose in this area, as well.
okay, here goes!
let's do over from where you were matching your ki together.
 right! right!
he's here, he's here!
i have spotted majin boo, altitude 3000 meters, at point sx-39.
he is casually flying southwest.
he's coming this way!
looks like fun! let's play, you!
it's okay now. we've gotten clean away...
that's kinda itchy!
h-help!!
that wasn't very fun.
l-lncredible!
to think those two half-pints could raise their ki from within themselves to this extent...!
hang in there, trunks!
all right!
that's about the same.
this is what it feels like to fit your ki together.
practice it well afterwards.
are you okay, goku? it looks like this is pretty hard on you.
i'm all right. i'm all right!
it's only for a little bit longer. this ain't anything!
does it use that much of his vitality to become super saiyan 3 here in the lower realm?
n-now listen.
in order for you to achieve fusion, the real hard part starts now.
 right! right!
once you've gotten your ki to be exactly the same,
if the two of you can also perform the fusion pose together exactly the same,
your fusion will be complete!
i'm going to show you the pose, so you two learn it well! got that?
"yes! "y es!
first, you two will stand with a certain degree of space between you.
then, do this! be careful about the angle of your arms!
"fu..." as you switch your arms, you move towards each other.
at this time, you move your feet three steps' worth.
"sion!"
carefully watch the angle of your legs!
"ha!!"
then you put your fingers together like this!
again, carefully watch the angle of your legs!
what do we do?! that looks awful!
oh boy, oh boy! oh boy, oh boy!
without anyone to control him, he's become even more violent!
boo goes on a rampage!
okay, you guys try it now!
 right! right!
hurry, goku! there isn't any time!
initiate trunks and goten to the ways of this new finishing technique, fusion!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
i've taken a lot from you.
now i don't have any more to do with you.
i won't stand you any more!
having slain madoshi babidi, majin boo has become even more reckless.
your remaining time is down to 30 minutes.
you better start getting ready to go back, goku.
uranai o-baba! only 30 minutes? is that all i have left?!
goku could only remain on earth for a brief time.
goku began giving trunks and goten special training to teach them fusion,
a new finishing technique!
carefully watch the angle of your legs!
"ha!!"
then you put your fingers together like this!
again, carefully watch the angle of your legs!
what do we do?! that looks awful!
"see you later, everybody!! goku returns to the other world."
listen up. the only thing that will defeat majin boo is this fusion technique!
you have to learn it perfectly within the next two days.
right!
goku is breathing hard.
this must be due to him using up all his energy
by becoming super saiyan 3 during his fight with boo.
now then, both of you do that pose from a moment ago, and make it symmetrical.
got it? okay, give it a try!
what's wrong?
what does symmetrical mean?
um, how can i explain?
all right! me and piccolo will try doing it for you, so watch closely!
i will?!
ready? watch carefully!
like this, as if being reflected in a mirror...
both of you move opposite each other.
ii fu__ll
"sion!"
"ha!!"
wh-what is this?
they said they were training, but is this dance training?
are they really going to be able to defeat majin boo like that?
all right! trunks! goten! you do it!
right!
goku, you said you wanted to try doing this together with vegeta...
but, even if he were still alive,
i don't think he would have done this with you.
why not?
how come?
uh... n-never mind.
hey, hey!
like this?
right, right! huh? goten, the angle of your arms is a bit low.
raise them higher.
right! now, step to the side...
fu...
sion!
oqps!
ha! hey, hold on, more this way, this way!
good grief...
all right! well then, let's try it a little slower.
gohan! gohan!
chichi, shake it off!
is she still down from having heard about gohan dying? poor thing!
o-baba! how much time's goku-sa got remainin' here on earth?
it depends on goku's energy, but i'd say about 15 minutes or so.
15 minutes?!
chichi, please come to 'fore then!
otherwise, you'll miss his leavin' forever!
fu...
$ion! ha!
it's starting to feel right!
all right... keep going like that!
i feel terrible! even as we're here, majin boo is out wreaking havoc,
and continuing to destroy the earth!
yeah, even knowing that we can return everything
back to normal with the dragon balls.
hooray! hooray!
great! great! babidi's all gone!
now there's nobody to order me around! great! great! yea! yea!
now which city should i demolish?
yahoo!
i'm starting to get sleepy.
what are you doing, you dimwit?!
why, you...
didn't you hear me?! i'm telling you to hurry and get out of the way!
am i cool-looking?
what? cool-looking, you say?
you punk! of course you don't look cool!
haven't you ever looked in a mirror?!
you lousy...
majin...
i-it's majin boo!
this is a good place. think i'll build my house here and take a nap!
it's too loud, huh? gonna make things quiet!
living things, come together!
first, i'll turn everyone into clay!
smoosh!
next comes cleaning, cleaning!
okay, now...!
fu-sion! ha!
no, no! again!
fu...
sion!
ha!
there's still a ways to go, huh?
the two of you ain't matched your breathing.
goten, are you having fun with this training?
not at all.
come on! snap to it!
r-right!
finished!
looks cool!
ups-a-daisy!
here is where i eat food.
here is the tub.
heavenly, heavenly!
pajama-jama-jama,
pajama-jama-jama, pa-pa-pa!
pajama, pa-pa-pa, pajama!
pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa. pa-pa- weppei-pa-pa-pa-pa, pa-pa-pa, pajama!
here is the toilet.
here is where i wash my face and brush my teeth.
be sure to brush your teeth often, okay?
here is the bed.
i slept good! i bet i slept for five seconds.
now then, he said it would be two days 'til those strong guys come, right?
it'll be dull until then. all right!
gonna go destroy cities again!
away!
okay, once again, from the beginning! okay, stretch out your arms!
go! one-two, one-two, one-two...
what's the matter, trunks?
uncle, this technique makes us look bad!
look bad? i ain't so sure. even so, this technique is awesome!
the metamorans that taught it to me got exceptional strength from doing it, you know!
even so... never mind that, uncle, show us super saiyan 3!
earlier, i was gone getting the radar, and didn't see it!
i want to see super saiyan 3 too.
rather than learn this cumbersome technique,
maybe we should turn super saiyan 3 instead, shouldn't we?
yeah! then we'll beat majin boo for sure!
that ain't possible.
unless you merge together with fusion, he's not at all an opponent you can beat.
don't take boo too lightly!
l-is that so?
now, let's continue your training.
i give up. all right! just once, i'll show you super saiyan 3!
really?
in exchange, you have to train as hard as you can on fusion!
stop, goku! the time you can stay on earth will disappear!
there ain't any time anyway.
trunks! goten! watch closely!
first comes super saiyan...
this is beyond super saiyan, or super saiyan 2...
and beyond this...
what is it?!
this is super saiyan 3.
a-awesome!
father!
u-uncle! father!
goku!
i'm okay, piccolo!
okay, you promised. continue your fusion training!
goku, it's time!
you're going back to the other world.
already, ,,?
just now, the time you can stay on earth shrank remarkably.
i see. piccolo, sorry, but the rest is up to you.
knowing these two, they should master fusion before tomorrow's out.
g-goku...
you're the only one who can teach them now. i'm counting on you.
you got it.
trunks! goten!
you're the only ones that can beat majin boo and save the earth!
train hard, now!
right!
chichi! chichi! wake up, i tell ya! chichi!
wh-where am i?
i'll give ya the details later, right now, goku-sa...
goku-sa's goin' back to the other world!
g-goku-sa?!
you've gone to such lengths, it's too bad you couldn't have taken it easy.
good-bye, son-kun.
goku, "take care" may sound a little strange, but take care, okay?
yeah!
goku-sa!
yow-ow-ow!
g-goku-sa, what am i supposed to do? gohan's gone and all...
chichi, don't get all depressed like that!
you've got goten, don't you?
b-but, what if he gets killed by majin boo...?
don't worry. if they can master this technique they're doing, there ain't no way they'll lose!
once i see gohan on the other side, i'll tell him you said hello.
um, i think that gohan-kun is still alive.
why? it's nothing, just a hunch.
i know how you feel, but really, i don't think that's so.
we can tell by his ki.
still, it'd be nice if he was alive, huh?
yes...
well, that's it. let's go, goku.
yeah...
what is it, goten?
i know! you're wantin' your daddy to give you a hug, huh?
oh! in that case, you might have said something sooner! whoosh!
goten, take care of your mommy for me.
nkay. .
okay, it really is time, goku!
i know.
see you later, everyone!
uncle! we're going to try hard!
everyone, take care!
let's get together again after you die!
that jerk! he would have to say something so hapless!
gonna destroy more and more! gonna kill more and more!
majin boo's wild run continues.
and, at the furthest reaches of the universe, in the kaioshin realm...
gohan is also working hard at his z-sword training.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
majin boo's rampage remains unstopped.
boo, with his overwhelming power, has destroyed cities, one after the other.
and, incredibly, he has even turned living things into clay with his magic,
and built his own house!
elsewhere, goten and trunks' training continued.
however, shortly into their training, goku's time limit arrived.
goku placed his hopes in goten and trunks,
and cheerfully returned to the other world.
let's get together again after you die!
"where is gohanl? ferocious training in the kaioshin realm."
wow, the number of dead is incredible!
so, are you sure you were right leaving the earth up to those little guys?
yeah! knowing them, it'll be okay!
if they can just master fusion, they'll defeat majin boo for sure.
you were right.
the earth should be protected by those who live on the earth.
okay, goku, you can go the rest of the way by yourself, right?
yeah! thank you, ba-chan!
see you later, goku!
ba-chan, you come see me once in a while! see you!
hey, you there! no line-jumping is allowed! no line-jumping!
please stay in your place!
what in the world is going on here oni?
(you ).!
sorry! excuse me!
oni...
okay, next!
yama-san...
ya ma-san!
oh, is that son goku? you're back awfully soon.
say, yama-san, i got something i need to ask you.
what the hell is going on down on earth?
just look at the number of dead here!
on top of these, they just keep coming one after the other like that!
well, a lot is going on.
it's possible that every earthling will be coming here.
what?!
more importantly, just before all these earthlings started coming here like this,
did a son gohan die and come through here? he's my son.
son gohan? just a moment...
son .son .son .
son gohan...?
no, he hasn't come.
after all, being your son, i'd probably know it right away,
and i'd have some memory of him.
he hasn't come? which means...!
he ain't dead! you don't say, you don't say!
never mind him, there was this awful guy that came through earlier!
this dabura, king of the demon realm guy!
dabura?
you know, to think that guy would die...
ordinarily, i would have naturally sent him to hell, but hell is a lot like the demon realm.
he would have just been thrilled if i sent him to hell, so i sent him to heaven instead!
"heaven."
that's great!
thank you, yama-san!
yahoo!
gohan is alive!
it's just like that girl videl said!
he came out safely against majin boo! not too bad, gohan!
you know something,
seeing as how we didn't feel gohan's ki at all, what does that mean?
th-that's gohan... it is! unmistakable! that's gohan's kfl.
but why would gohan's ki be in a place like this? huh? where is it?
it ain't in here, nor in the kaio realm. so, where in the world...?
all right, then...!
f-father!
whew, that was close, that was close!
wh-what are you doing in that outfit?
it's just... there is a reason for it.
is that...? kaioshin-sama!
and that what's-his-name old guy, who's supposed to be dead, to boot!
wh-what is this?!
yet another human has entered this holy region?!
so anyway, where in the world are we?
father, how about you? why are you here?
it hasn't even been 24 hours yet, right?
yeah, about that...
is that so?
majin boo has torn up the earth just that much.
that cursed majin boo!
let me borrow that sword for a minute.
the z-sword, did you call it?
okay -
please be careful. it's heavy.
all right!
you're right! this is incredibly heavy!
you see?
and this... will give you... fantastic power? awesome!
i-impossible! this man is also just swinging the z-sword around easily?!
what sort of people are these saiyans?!
say, kaioshin-sama, do you suppose it would be okay
if i stayed here until gohan goes to fight majin boo?
sure, i do not mind.
and i hate to ask, but could you give me something to eat right off?
i'm starving!
v-very well, gohan-san, will you take a short break as well?
yes.
i shall lead the way. please come with me.
so, it must be incredible, this super saiyan 3!
yeah, it is awesome! once we've eaten something, i'll show you, gohan!
since then, one day's time has nearly passed.
get up!! how long are you planning to sleep?!
yow-ow-ow-ow!
okay, as soon as you've washed your faces and eaten something,
it's back to training! got that?!
yeah...
listen! in one day, you must fully master fusion, no matter what!
get enthusiastic about it! enthusiastic!
come... on... you... two!!
yow-ow-ow-ow-ow-ow...
he didn't have to slug us!
in a critical time like this, you guys don't have enough time!
you two are the only ones now who can save the earth!
now pull yourselves together!
piccolo is sure all fired up, huh?
all right, we're resuming the training!
over here!
wh-what?
the training is fine and all, but before that,
show us the proper fusion pose once again.
after all, we've only had it properly shown to us one time so far!
that's right, that's right!
if we don't have an accurate example shown to us, we can't learn it!
 okay okay 77?
kuririn, give me a hand!
m-me?!
you saw that much yesterday. you remember the pose, of course.
th-that may be true, but why me?
everyone else here saw that pose too!
that's a dirty trick! huh? hey! where are you?
kuririn!
all right! i'll do it! i just have to do it, right?
ready? watch closely!
right!
a-as i remember, it was like this, right?
here goes, kuririn!
y-yeah...
ii fu__ll
"sion!"
"ha!!"
w-we're doing that ridiculous-looking thing?!
it's embarrassing!
i'm embarrassed too, you know!
w-we're doing this because you guys said you wanted to see it, didn't you?
come on! quit griping, and let's start training again!
okay...
can you believe this?
two-thirds of the earth's urban population has already been eradicated by majin boo!
at this rate the earth will become a dead planet in less than a day!
wh-what?!
next!
not even one of you gets away!
good day! who's there?
can't you tell by looking? i'm...
i'm sorry. i cannot see.
say, who are you? are you a famous person?
you're a dummy. you just have your eyes closed. open them up!
i can't see even if they are open!
that's what kind of disease it is.
ever since i was born, see?
is that it? you can't get scared that way. all right!
what have you done?
dummy! try opening your eyes!
but, even if i open them...
just open them!
i can see... i can see!
i can see. i can see! m-my eyes, i can see!
it's no dream! i really can see!
now, look at me!
thank you...
thank you, mister! really, thank you! i can see!
i can see!
he's not scared.
so, mister, are you from a foreign country?
foreign country?
yeah. i mean, we don't have that kind of thing attached to our heads.
hey!
do i look cool?
i'm not really sure, but yeah, i guess you're cool.
after all, you healed my eyes for me with your magic.
i'm cool! i'm cool!
i know! i'll give you my money as thanks!
money?
i was going to buy milk with it, but all the stores were closed.
there it is! here!
it's yucky!
you wait here.
incredible! people from other countries can fly!
majin boo!
you turn into milk!
he came back!
hey, money is yucky. milk is yummier!
um, er...
you take it.
thanks!
um, thank you!
really! really, thank you!
money is yucky! milk is yummy! money is yucky! milk is yummy!
money is yucky! milk is yummy!
i am cool!
the z-sword and fusion training continue.
hurry, gohan, goten, and trunks!
you're the only ones now who can save the earth from the risk of extinction!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
using every means of destruction, majin boo has indiscriminately attacked
and destroyed cities and villages all over the world.
elsewhere, goku had placed his hopes with goten and trunks,
and returned back to the other world.
there, goku was told by great king yama that gohan is still alive.
sensing gohan's ki, goku has come to the kaioshin realm.
there, he was reunited with gohan, kaioshin, and the resurrected kibit.
"you're kidding, right!? the z-sword is broken."
fu-sion! fu-sion!
once again!
fusion ha! fusion ha!
no, no!
how many times do i have to say this before you get it?!
match your timing together!
listen! fusion is a merging technique.
no matter how well you learn the pose, unless you make your breathing as one,
you will not master fusion.
yeah, but goten's being too slow!
am not! trunks-kun is too fast!
what was that?! oh, yeah?!
enough already! we don't have any time for this!
if you want to fight, you can do it all you like, after you defeat majin boo!
all right. let's continue training!
right...
fusion ha!
once again!
fusion ha!
fusion ha!
my, my, and they were doing so well with it, too.
yoink!
okay...
so do you really suppose they'll be able to merge together?
it's okay, they'll do it!
there's no reason son-kun would lie to us.
awesome, awesome!
you've done good to be able to wield it that well in just a day! incredible, gohan!
indeed, quite wonderful, gohan-san!
so, i'm sure it's awfully sharp, that z-sword.
say, let's test it out a bit!
very good!
let's see... okay...
first will be this rock.
all right, here goes, gohan! try cutting this clean in half!
i'm sure it will cut right through it like tofu!
if i know the z-sword here!
you did it, gohan-san!
yes...
wow! that's awfully sharp!
goku-san...
let's try something even harder this time.
goku-san, here.
oof... what's this?
this is katchinko, said to be the hardest metal in the universe.
whew, that's hard!
as long as you're doing this, try it with that!
that's great!
all right, gohan, here goes!
leave it to me!
ready, set...
go'.!
y-you're kidding! it broke!
l-i-it can't be! th-th-the z-sword!
th-the strongest blade ever...!
look at that! kaioshin-sama, this is your fault
for telling us to try testing it against something that hard.
b-but, it's said that whoever takes it in hand
will hold the greatest power in the world!
th-th-the z-sword was the legendary blade of this holy region!
it appears it was something of an exaggerated legend, huh?
b-but still, because of it, my strength has risen considerably.
that z-sword was incredibly heavy, after all.
see? perhaps it meant that if you came to be able to use that sword,
you would have the greatest power in the world, maybe.
th-that's it! if you've gotten that much power in your regular state,
once you turn super saiyan, you should experience a considerable power-up!
that's it! that's the legendary greatest power in the world!
but whether that power is greater than majin boo's... i don't know...
b-but goku-san, there isn't any other way.
that's not so-o!
huh? what's with the old guy?
u-um, and you are...?
me?
you'll be so surprised to hear this! i'm, y'know...
who am i, who am i, but your, y'know...
15-generation-previous, y'know, kaioshin here!
f-fifteen-generations previous?!
k-kaioshin-sama?!
u-um... great king yama-sama?
"great king yama-sama."
what is it?
er, can we please ask you to allow us to go home, oni?
what?!
we have been working so long now without any rest,
and hardly any time for meals.
if this keeps up, i fear we will find it hard not to get in line ourselves.
i'd like to get some rest right along with you,
but we can't very well leave these dead people here, right?
oni...
passing judgment on these lost dead
and then leading them to the world they are to proceed to is our duty!
g-great king yama! this is terrible!
what's wrong?!
a-another million-and-a-half dead have just arrived from earth!
what did you say?!
just what in hell is happening on earth?
fifteen-generation-previous...
kaioshin-sama?!
that's right.
long, long ago, y'know, there was this terribly strong, y'know, bad guy, y'know.
well, not so bad as this majin boo now.
so this guy, y'know, sealed me up inside that sword, here.
i'm sure, y'know, he was all nervous by how fearsome i am, y'know, so he did it. mm hmm.
finally, i've been allowed out!
he doesn't look like that awesome an old guy. right?
not really...
say, should we put him to the test?
huh? i'm not too sure...
h-honorable forefather! honorable forefather! a-are you all right?! please, shake it off!
you ignorant fool!
what are you doing?! you dung dangle! you tinkle trickle!
dimwit! scum! that you could do that to a majestic kaioshin! and you have an outie, too!
he's just a blowhard old man after all.
he's not that strong at all, is he?
it wasn't my power, y'know, that made my opponent nervous!
it was the fearsome ability i have that he was nervous about!
fearsome... ability?
what's that?
nyah nyah nyaaaah! i'm not telling you any mo-ore!
i guess there ain't any choice.
if that's the case, i'll give you a dirty book next time i see you, so tell us!
f-father!
goku-san! how could you say that?!
hmph! i don't have to see any book! with my godly eyes,
i can see gals bathing and change their clothes and stuff just fine, you know!
h-honorable forefather!
well, in a little while, i'll let you touch a real woman's boobs and behind!
r-really?!
yeah! sure thing!
that's got him! i knew it, he's the same type as old man turtle hermit!
father, when you say that, what do you intend to do?
what will i do?
since i can't go down to the lower realm any more...
you've got a girlfriend, right, that girl videl?
i hate to ask, but for just a bit, have her let him touch her.
wh-wh-what are you saying?! that isn't funny!
oh yeah? this is a problem...
still, with super saiyan 3 and fusion and everything,
circumstances are getting far beyond anything on a dimension we can handle, huh?
it looks as though we won't get a turn... this time around.
that's not so! i'm sure there's something we all can do.
and that's the game! ta-da!
say, would it be okay if she's kind of a middle-aged woman?
well, if she's sexy, i suppose that would be fine.
all right! let's make it bulma!
you explain the situation to bulma and ask her to do it for me!
l-i have to ask bulma-san to do such a thing?!
so, this ability, can it beat majin boo?
well, i can't say absolutely, y'know, but i think it will.
see? just by allowing him to touch someone's behind and boobs,
the earth... no, the whole universe can be saved!
isn't that sexual harassment?
and besides, i'm the one who has to ask her, right?
even if the universe does get saved, i'm going to get killed by bulma-san!
fine! okay!
it's settled then.
so, what is this "ability" then?
i, y'know, can take anyone who's good at what they do,
y'know, and with my mental power, y'know,
draw out their hidden power wa-ay, wa-ay past their limits, here.
ever heard of such an incredible ability?
hey, that's an ability you hear about rather often, ain't it?
what are you talking about?!
past their limits, you know, past their limits!
there's absolutely no one else like that!
n-now that you mention it, i guess not.
hey, you're the one that pulled that sword out, aren't you?
go stand over there.
right.
if anyone was able to pull that sword out and be able to swing it around, y'know,
once i set him up, y'know, he's sure to be the strongest in the universe.
however, y'know, i had thought that whoever pulled out that sword, y'know,
and let me out, y'know, would have been a kaioshin.
who would have thought that i would be saved by a human?
what is the world coming to?
m-my sincere apologies...
all right! stand there, and you can't move too much!
right!
okay then, here goes. go defeat majin boo!
um, is that...?
quiet!
we're in the middle of an important ceremony!
ceremony? this?
s-say, uh, how long does this take?
the ceremony is five hours.
to power him up takes another twenty hours.
i'm going to go take a little nap. hang in there, gohan!
th-this can't be...!
l-it wouldn't do for us to not stay awake, would it?
indeed.
th-this is lousy.
fusion ha!
fusion ha!
all right! good, you're just about perfect!
okay, it's about time when we can see whether or not you can do this.
all right, you two make your ki exactly the same!
right!
a-am i really going to be able to merge with this guy?
unbelievable. it sounds fishy to me.
(oka)', begin!
right!
has fusion been mastered at last?
and can gohan really power up through the mental abilities
of the 15-generation-old kaioshin?
the annihilation of the earth is drawing close before our very eyes!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
with only a day's training, gohan had become able to wield the z-sword.
in order to ascertain its sharpness, he tried testing the blade. however...
l-lmpossibly, rather than cutting through, the z-sword itself was instead broken!
a kaioshin from fifteen generations past
appeared before a crestfallen gohan and the others.
he, who had been sealed within the z-sword,
said he was able to draw out a person's power beyond their limits.
elsewhere, having mastered the fusion pose,
goten and trunks have finally decided to test out their fusion.
"birth of a superhuman warrior!! his name is gotenks."
fusion! fusion!
hey!
hey everyone, i heard the pee-wees are about to try out their fusion!
then the special training is finally over?
let's go see!
you're going?
upon merging, they're supposed to have an enormous ki, and there'd be trouble
if the palace were damaged, so they said they're doing it out front.
once they successfully merge, they're supposed to become some wildly strong warrior,
but how do you suppose they'll look?
hmm, well, those two little guys resemble each other quite a bit,
so i don't guess they'll change all that much.
just think if they became some predisposed macho man!
their name... what'll happen to their name, once they're done mergin'?
they're goten and trunks, so... gotenks? or will it be trunten?
new, either way, it's a deranged name, huh'?
what are you saying?
they'll only be merged for around thirty minutes, so a name doesn't matter, does it?
but, won't we have trouble tryin' to call him?
they're doing it, they're doing it!
trunks, hold your ki down just a bit more.
this is tough. like this?
all right! your two ki have become utterly identical!
now then, start the fusion!
here it comes!
fusion...
hal!
you're kidding!
incredible!
hey... is that... right?
th-they can, in fact, return back to normal, right?
l-i can't love that!
is that really the guy goku said might be able to overcome majin boo?
he doesn't look like it, but that must be it, huh?
s-so that's it! oh, goku!
an eye for an eye, and a fatso for a fatso, is that it?
looks like he's about to start doing something.
he's started running!
that is one complete and utter failed product.
hey!
l-i knew it.
during the "... sion" pose just now, trunks had his fingers sticking out!
during this point, your hands must be in fists.
okay? you got that?
all right, let's do it over once again!
what are you doing?!
hurry up and return to normal, would you?!
how do i return to normal?
there's no use. shall we wait for thirty minutes to go by, then?
how strange! you're neither trunks nor goten, are you?
why did your clothes come out that way?
say, what happened to goten-kun?
do you have a name?
gotenks.
see? it's gotenks after all!
it's almost thirty minutes.
trunks! goten!
d-did we do it?
i don't know.
hey, what did that feel like, merging?
don't you remember much about it?
mm-mm.
still, you really were able to merge!
now we see light of hope!
sorry, but i'd like to have you save your talk until after they've defeated majin boo.
right now, we don't have even a moment to spare!
all right, one more time.
okay, begin.
fusion hal!
surely a mistake, huh?
you can tell by one look.
he hasn't done anything yet, and already he's exhausted.
this time, during the "ha," your fingers were a bit off.
let's do it again...
in another thirty minutes...
all right, begin.
fusion hal!
that was perfect! he's being born!
the warrior who will defeat majin boo!
wh-what?!
wh-what a storm of a ki!
th-they've done it! they've succeeded!
incredible, incredible!
i can't really tell, but they must be extraordinary.
lookin' at them, they do seem pretty awesome.
what are you saying?
even i can tell at least that much!
incredible! he really has an incredible kfl.
okay, this finally turned out right.
now, in another thirty minutes, we'll finally have you achieve this as super saiyans.
aren't you underrating me?
what?
i'm enough to defeat majin boo just as i am!
y-you moron! what are you talking about?!
you don't know anything about how frightful majin boo is!
no matter how incredible you may say you are, at your level, it's still impossible!
there is absolutely no way you can prevail against majin boo!
don't think that lightly of me! okay, fine!
i'll show you right now! majin boo's body, that is!
w-wait! trunten!
er, gotenks.
this way, huh? fairly close-by.
in that case, give me thirty minutes and i'll defeat him
and return in time to give back plenty of change!
what speed!
y-you miserable fool!
if you get killed now, everything will have been wiped out!
h-he was sure an overbearing fellow,
but you never know, he may just be able to defeat majin boo!
yeah! he really did seem sure of himself, huh?
are you awakening, goku-san?
kaioshin-sama...
how's gohan? has his power-up been finished yet?
good grief!
it has only been two hours.
this ceremony takes five hours,
so there should be another three hours left.
hey, gohan, hang in there!
come on, father!
thinking you don't have anything to do with this...
you're not getting away!
majin boo!
gotcha, gotcha! yea! yea! yea!! yea!
help me!
h-help me!
what's this?
l-i'm gonna drown!
thank you so much!
m-m-m-majin boo! i hate you.
you're quite the tough punk!
that was simply my way of saying hello.
i didn't think it would have any effect myself.
who are you?!
hmph! since you're going to be dying here anyway,
there's no point in me introducing myself, is there?
die?
sorry, but i don't have time to waste chit-chatting with you.
i'm going to have to put you away lickety-split!
why, you...
here goes!
take this!
hmph! fatty! call yourself a majin and that's all you've got?
oh, no! i said i was going to show them his body before i left,
and now i've vaporized it!
well, nothing i can do about that now, huh?
what?!
you called me a fatty, huh? now i'm mad!
in that case, what are you going to do about it?
gonna kill you!
sheesh.
too slow!
i-impossible! i should have dodged him!
you mean that in that instant, he was able to read my movement?
now die!
majin boo! so long as we of the defense forces are here,
we will not allow you to have your way!
all right, open fire!
l-it's no use! he's not an opponent you can handle!
get out of here, quick!
what?!
everybody, everybody...
stopl!
now die!!
th-this can't be!
gonna kill more and more!
he's come back!
g-goten!
trunks!
i got beaten up all over!
didn't i tell you?!
listen up, your fight with majin boo comes one more day from now!
until then, you'll train as hard as you can!
once you've gotten even a little bit stronger, your fusion will be more effective!
okay?! you got that, trunten?!
er, gotenks.
you got that, gotenks?!
fusion was a success.
however, its power is still far from matching majin boo.
can gohan really achieve a power-up?
the only ones who can stop the destruction of the earth now
are gohan and trunten... i mean, gotenks.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
fusion hal!
that was perfect! he's being born!
wh-what?!
having gone through the special training for the merging technique fusion,
handed down by goku to goten and trunks in order to defeat majin boo,
the two of them merge and give birth to the superhuman warrior gotenks.
overconfident of himself, gotenks took off by himself,
but was all-too-easily defeated by boo.
i got beaten up all over!
wh-what?!
everybody, everybody...
stopl!
now die!!
in just one day, boo's intensive attacks
have eliminated roughly 80 percent of the earth's cities and population.
gonna kill more and more!
"the final weapon is engagedl? satan will save the earth."
just as if he were a little child,
majin boo seems to enjoy killing those who oppose him or,
of course, run away from him.
the majority of them are killed by his blasts, and occasionally,
when he becomes hungry,
he turns them into candy and such and eats them.
all the while, the earth has not silently looked on, but rather,
military forces have mobilized against him countless times.
however, unable to do anything before majin boo's power,
the military has been obliterated at every turn,
and now, there is no one left who will stand up to him.
however, the people remaining have not entirely lost hope.
the reason being, the people have learned through radio broadcasts
that there is still a savior who has survived.
and so, the people have waited for their savior to awaken.
it is he who even defeated cell, the greatest warrior in the world...
no, in the universe!
he who can take pride in his undefeated legend, the mightiest man...
the champion, who has been resting within a shelter
to recover from the fatigue of the tenkaichi tournament...
the awakening of mister satan!
satan! satan! satan! satan!
do not worry. i will be sure to defeat majin boo at any cost.
if you would please, be careful!
looks like everyone knows it.
the only one who can defeat majin boo
is the strongest combatant in the universe, mister satan.
damn you, rotten majin boo! the next time we meet...!
now see here. if you move, i can't swab this on, you know!
that hurts!
what are you talkin' about?! you brought this on yourself!
listen, goten, you're all i've got left.
so you can't be doin' that sort of recklessness you were pullin' earlier!
got it?
y-yes...
you too, trunks.
r-right...
that's right!
you are the last hope the earth here has!
learn your lesson from this, and refrain from doing anything else so rash!
piccolo-sen?
what is it?
my papa was awfully strong, right?
do you think i can surpass my papa?
i want to defend the earth, here, the same way my papa tried to defend it!
and so, for that reason as well, i have to become even stronger than my papa!
trunks...!
within your two bodies...
within your two bodies flows the same warrior blood that
has come to create possibility from impossibility many times over.
you can surpass him, at some time. i'm sure of it!
now, let's start training!
right!
stick with it, trunks!
goten-chan, you stick with it too!
that is majin boo's house?
y-yes, so it seems, mister satan.
all right, i'll go alone from here. leave this entirely up to me!
you guys can go back and wait for the good news.
very well, if you please...
please defend the peace of this world for us!
u-um, mister satan? what's in the bag?
this? let's just say this is a secret weapon to defeat majin boo, just in case.
oh, a secret weapon? how promising!
everyone can rest assured!
all right, shall we start off by talking him down, then?
i'm going to make him regret that the strongest warrior in the universe,
mister satan, is here on earth!
that got them!
see here! come on out, majin boo! mister satan has arrived!
what's the matter?! huh?
can't you come out, you dirty coward? in that case, i'll come to you.
prepare yourself!
i'm going to give it to you out-and-out, through-and-through, and over-and-over!
u-um, mister satan?
have you strained your throat or something?
he can't hear you with that soft a voice!
ahem, yeah, um, you see, it's like this...
i know! in that case, how about i say it for you?
hey, hey, majin boo! why don't you get out here?! you're finished now!
you idiot!
if you speak in that loud a voice, he can hear you, you know!
apparently, he didn't notice.
really! you guys being here is just holding me back! go back, go back!
well then, if you'll excuse us. be careful! please take care of the earth!
tell the press corps for me that i, mister satan, will protect the peace!
well, now that those annoyances are gone...
i-i wonder if majin boo is home.
maybe he's not home...
he's not here!
did you get scared off by me, majin boo?!
there's nothing i can do, huh?
after all, if he's not here, there's no way i can fight him!
that's all there is to it! i'll go home!
nothing i can do but go home, huh?!
you idiot! you tubby!
a fart goes "boo," pun intended!
l-i-i'm so sorry, majin boo-sama!
everything i said just now was untrue! untrue!
actually, i respect you, boo-same, from the bottom of my heart!
why, you! startle me, will you?! you...! you...! you...!
do you think that someone as i would be anxious about majin boo?!
yoo-hoo!
yoo-hoo!
wh-wh-why it's majin boo-sama! good day to you!
i'm so pleased to meet you. yes, yes, by all means, by all means!
what kind of candy do you wanna be made into and eaten?
hard candy? a biscuit? a gummi?
no, no! please, wait just a moment!
majin boo-sama, i have a wonderful present for you!
h-here! it's nothing special, but...
i don't need something that's nothing special! i'll kill you!
n-n-no, it really isn't something that's nothing special! see?
luxurious chocolates! be my guest!
choco, huh? what's "luxurious?"
th-that means they're very expensive and delicious!
he ate them! he ate them! you fool!
that choco is loaded with deadly poison!
soon you'll be writhing in pain and... huh?
yum! this is yummier than human choco!
l-is that so?
ah! my next present is this! a game poy!
what is it? vvatch, watch! you move like this to beat your opponent!
this is hard!!
l-let's put in an easier cassette!
i get it. this is pretty hard too!
all right! now! it's now or never!
yea!!
"the end!!"
hey! that was kinda fun just now!
wh-why that's great, great...!
you're funny, so i'll make you my servant.
th-thank you so much...!
i'll give you these. they're hard candy made of people.
they're yummy! here, eat them!
y-yes, thank you very much! i humbly accept them!
delicious! these are quite appetizing. most certainly!
what?
is someone there?
i... uh... i thought for a moment i saw what looked like somebody...
well, let's kill 'em!
s-splendid...! great... that was great! great!
er, if it is all right with you,
could you let me take a picture together with you?
please, as a memento.
that's it! a little more like please, sprawl yourself out.
like this?
pardon me, but taking pictures like this is in fashion!
for now, at least i have a nice photograph!
boo-sama! are you feeling hungry?
i'm very good at cooking! boo-same!
it's just about time, right?
goku-san! it's finished!
i got bored and fell asleep!
you can have a seat now.
your efforts have been appreciated, honorable forefather!
how about it? gohan, have you gotten any stronger?
don't be foolish! the ceremony has just ended.
the power-up will take another twenty hours!
let's begin.
listen, it's a simple matter.
you just have to sit still there and concentrate your mind.
sit still yet again?
just put up with it!
just by doing this, power beyond your limits will become yours!
that's a small price, isn't it?
there's no time, right? let's begin right away.
understood.
the ceremony completed, gohan now enters the power-up.
elsewhere, where mister satan is...
now, now, my delicious cooking is ready! help yourself!
oh, you must be tired! you've been working so hard!
don't get too carried away, fatso! you get this straight now!
don't you underestimate me!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
astounding!
in a single day, majin boo has turned roughly 80 percent of the earth to ruins!
however, there is still one last remaining hope for the earth.
the world champion mister satan has now stepped forward to put down majin boo!
you're funny, so i'll make you my servant.
th-thank you so much...!
don't get too carried away, fatso! you get this straight now!
don't you underestimate me!
"i've stopped killing!! majin boo's good boy declaration."
say, kaioshin-sama,
they've been like that for some time now.
can this 15-generation-previous or whatever kaioshin-sama...
really draw out gohan's incredible power for him?
w-well... i think it will be all right...
he certainly seemed to be quite sure of himself.
u-um, kaioshin-sama...?
kaioshin-sama!
wh-what?
you were just sleeping, weren't you?
d-don't be ridiculous! there's no way i would go to sleep!
i was undeniably awake!
that i don't believe.
well, it may have looked that way, to an amateur.
and kaioshin don't generally tell lies, you know.
okay, this is no time to be speaking of the unnecessary, right?
let's continue, let's continue.
"this probably won't work."
that's what gohan was quick to conclude.
all right! we're about to begin! it's super saiyan fusion!
right!
now listen. this time, even if your fusion is successful, do not get carried away!
you know majin boo's strength now, right?
we know!
all right. do it!!
okay, your ki are exactly the same. begin the fusion!
fusion hal!
a-awesome! he's awesome!
they did it! it's a complete success!
your ki is certainly something incredible,
but what about your movements?
show me a bit of what you got.
you sure that's okay? showing you here in a place like this?
wh-what?!
i can't be sure the buildings here won't get all broken up!
i'll do it down on the ground!
w-wait!
yahoo!
it's no good! his over-inflated attitude hasn't gotten any better!
sheesh! what insane speed he has!
maybe i overdid it a little on the speed.
think i'll take a quick break.
let's hurry, grandma.
if we don't hurry and get away from the city and someplace within the mountains,
we'll be found by majin boo!
i wonder if our grandchildren in the city got away safely.
g-grandma! what's the matter?! hey!
yea! i hit her in one shot!
th-this still isn't right, young master!
you fool, does that concern me?
the whole world's people are being killed by majin boo!
just suppose majin boo was the one who killed them!
i've always wanted to try shooting humans! it's the greatest!
i'll let you shoot the old geezer!
go on, do it! that's an order!
right...
hey, not too bad, was it?
see? feels great, right?
let's go on killing away like that!
yes, that wasn't bad!
yahoo! the city!
if we go to the city, there will be plenty of scumbags who have still survived!
you're so slow! have you finally arrived?
i went around the earth many times over, and even took a short nap!
go flying off on your own, will you? i've been looking for you!
you can tell simply from my speed just now, can't you?
what wildly incredible power i have?
you sure do. however...
which means, our test is over!
w-wait!
i've decided to put him away right now, that annoying majin boo!
hey! you fool!
what an impossible jackass!
you can only stay merged for another minute, you numbskull!
lousy majin boo! this isn't going to go the same way it did last time!
you're going to be sorry you ever came across me!
yea!
yo, yo, yo! majin boo! it's me! show your face!
who's there?! who's talking bad about me?!
hey!!
there, you see? it's just your imagination!
is there anyone that would say anything like "yo, yo" to you?
as if he were snuggling up to nello, patrasche died as well.
the townspeople learned about what had happened, and reflected to themselves,
"ah, we have done such a cruel thing!"
that was funny! how fun! how fun!
"a dog of flanders."
er, where are you off to?
gonna go kill more people.
you wanna go with me?
n-no, i'll stay here and, um, cook something until you come back.
really? your stuff is yummy, so i look forward to it!
of course! be expecting some top-notch delicious cooking, if you please!
well, i'm off!
see you back later!
good luck!
stupid bastard! don't get too carried away with yourself!
laugh it up now, while you still can!
with as much dynamite as this, no matter if he is majin boo, he'll be blown to bits!
there's enough destructive power here to blow up a tank, in any case!
i just have to push this remote control switch, and it's "the end!"
i will have been the one who saves the earth!
i'll just hide it in here!
hurry on back here, majin boo!
yahoo!!
die! die! 38! 39! 40!
how do you like that?!
but still, young master, if majin boo were to come here now, we'd be in trouble!
they say that near here he has built himself a house!
you fool! if that guy were to come here, it's no big deal!
i've got a powerful bazooka here!
i am a hero after all!
h-he's back here already!
l-i deeply apologize! i-l am still in the middle of making your meal!
hey, here.
l-ls something the matter with that dog?
he doesn't get afraid. he won't run away.
no matter how much i listen, i don't know what he's saying.
do you know?
l-i do not know what he's saying, but it appears his leg is injured, does it not?
that is why he does not run away.
oh, is that it?
i'll heal your injury for you, so you get scared and run away!
there, run away!
i'll kill you.
what's with him?
he doesn't run away, even though his injury is healed.
he is overjoyed at having you help him!
he has taken a liking to you, boo-san!
does he like me?
that's right! he likes you, he likes you!
his tail is wagging, right? he is delighted!
he's like you. you like me too.
th-that's right!
i'm kind of happy-
here! eat this choco!
oh, no, no! choco will not do!
it has to be dog food or something!
dog food? what's that? i don't know that!
i know! shall i go buy some dog food?
o-okay, i'll go buy some, so please wait here for me!
okay!
this is my cha-ance!
you're finished!
now you're finished, majin boo!
h-he looks so happy..-
well, that's okay. i can do this a bit later.
the puppy is there too, and all... damn it all...
there, you see? he's happy to eat this!
yucky.
u-um, majin boo-same, can i humbly ask you one thing?
what is it?
wh-wh-why is it you k-kill people and destroy buildings and such?
because it's fun!
th-that's all?!
they said i can do that to play, both by bibidi and babidi.
a-and who are they?
those unpleasant guys that made me!
y-you mustn't listen to those disagreeable guys!
l-it won't do to have you killing and destroying and so on!
n-no, that's fine! that's all fine, if you find it to be fun!
l-i am so sorry!
you think it's wrong for me to do so?
y-yeah, well...
okay, i'll stop!
y-you're not going to kill anyone any more?
mm-hmm.
y-you're not going to destroy anywhere else?
mm-hmm.
i-i-i did it! i did it! i really am the hero! just what you'd expect!
just what you'd expect from the world champion, mister satan!
here... young master, it's around here!
majin boo's house!
what, are you still afraid? i told you, this won't be any big deal!
r-right...
how engaging! it's us who are going after him, and we're going to kill him!
he brought the ball right back, see?
great! great!
all right! once again! once again!
go'.!
that's one down!!
huh? young master, that fellow with majin boo there,
it's mister satan!
h-how can this happen?!
a single, unfeeling shot from a heartless villain...
will all of mister satan's efforts be in vain?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
he is the fearsome majin boo,
who has destroyed as much as 80 percent
of the earth's people and cities. however...
wh-why is it you kill people and destroy buildings and such?
because it's fun!
l-it won't do to have you killing and destroying and so on!
n-no, that's fine! that's all fine, if you find it to be fun!
you think it's wrong for me to do?
y-yeah, well...
okay, i'll stop!
y-you're not going to kill anyone any more?
mm-hmm.
y-you're not going to destroy anywhere else?
mm-hmm.
i did it!
just as a subtle change was starting to take place within boo's heart...
a single bullet fired by an idiot has chilled the mood.
"run away, satan!! an angry majin boo emerges."
wh-who did this...?
that's one down!
wh-what are those imbeciles doing?!
we didn't need this!
oh?
y-young master!
that guy over there together with majin boo, isn't that mister satan?
why would the hero mister satan be together with majin boo?
hmph! is that any concern of mine?
i'll just blow them both away at once!
we will become new heroes, in place of satan!
burn in hell!
take that! i blew them to pieces!
you sure did it, young master!
this is the birth of a new hero, who saved the earth from majin boo!
h-hey! h-he's still standing! he's not blown to bits!
he moved! he's still alive!
d-damn that guy!
wh-why you...!
you're gonna pay .
you're gonna pay for this!!
wh-what?!
you stupid piece-of-crap jackass!!
you're gonna...! you're gonna...! you're gonna...!
get the hell out of here!
scum of the earth!
dammit, what a cruel thing to do...
m-majin boo-san! he's still barely alive!
quickly! quickly!
how about it? can you heal him?
if he's not dead, i can heal him.
we did it! we did it! we did it!
we did it, we did it, we did it!
we did it, we did it, we did it, we did it, we did it, we did it!
we did it, we did it, we did it, we did it!
wh-what's going on here? why are that blowhard and majin boo together?
l-it could be that we can get through this without fighting!
but still...
the fact that he's in danger has not changed.
great!
bravo, bravo!
all finished!
how splendid!
i was sure to make a room for you, too.
thank you so much!
and now, come see this.
this is your home.
how nice for you, huh?!
okay, now, spread those legs!
one-two! one-two! one-two! one-two!
right, one more time! one-two! one-two!
one-two! there now! see you again next week!
i wonder if the earth is okay while we're here doing this...
you were just thinking if everything is okay while we're doing this, right?
i told you at the beginning, the power-up requires 20 hours. just relax and sit there.
have you forgotten that there is no reason why a kaioshin would lie?
no! in that case, fine.
right.
now then...
is this bulma or whoever girl a fine woman?
your father made me a promise, you know.
once i draw your power out beyond your bounds,
this bulma or whoever middle-aged woman would let me touch her on the boobs and behind.
kaioshin-sama, shouldn't you be concentrating harder?
i'm no amateur at this!
if i couldn't concentrate while doing this little, i couldn't be a kaioshin!
well, how about it?
sure, she's a downright beauty.
th-that so? this is no time for us to be carrying on idly, is it?
a downright beauty... i have to hurry and power you up!
just as you'd expect from our honorable forefather. he's found his concentration.
really?
with him in that manner, everything is all right.
yo! is the yummy stuff done yet?
i'm finishing now, please wait just a moment longer.
yo-o!
boo has the innocent nature of a little child, huh? he won't be killing anyone now!
thank goodness, thank goodness, thank goodness!
yo! ready yet?
yes, right now!
sorry to keep you waiting.
it's absolutely delicious!
you'll eat with me too?
y-yes!
where have you been off playing?!
we weren't off playing, we went to majin boo's place.
i'm telling you that once your fusion comes undone, you are to return here immediately!
piccolo-sen, did you watch us?
i didn't have to watch you.
everyone here at least knows that after thirty minutes, you return to normal!
we don't have time right now for you to be doing anything uncalled-for!
do not do anything else on your own!
shall i wash your back?
you get in with us!
it's all right for me to get in with you?
don't be so restrained. get in!
right! very well then, if you'll pardon the intrusion...
s-s-sorry about that!
fun, huh?
y-yes, and the water is just the right temperature.
fun! fun!
fun, huh?
y-yes!
that bath was just right!
er, if it is all right with you, could you let me take a picture together with you?
please, as a memento.
that's it! a little more like... please, sprawl yourself out.
like this?
pardon me, but taking pictures like this is in fashion!
i guess i took advantage of boo's innocent heart and wasn't very scrupulous about this.
i don't need this!
i've gotten hungry! cook something yummy for me!
he just ate a little while ago.
okay, okay! i'll cook something right away!
something yummy! something yummy!
something yummy! something yummy! something yummy! something yummy!
something yummy! something yummy!
for dessert, the chocolate you brought will be fine! they're yummy, after all!
right!
you miserable traitor!
you pose as a champion ofjustice, and then go and become boo's underling?!
wh-why you...!
yo! isn't it ready yet?
miserable traitor!
die!!
serves you right!
satan...!
boo! don't think this is over yet!
still alive...
u-unbelievable! y-you saved me! thank you, boo-same!
b-boo-sama'?
boo-sama! is something the matter?
run... away... with the dog... far... away...!
y-you'll die!
die? what do you mean?
hurry upg!
r-right!
farther awa-ay!
right!
what is it?!
wh-what's this?
th-this isn't any trick...!
as a result of majin boo's intense anger,
the evil portion inside him has swelled up and sprung out as another majin boo!
that is to say, he has divided into a purely evil majin boo, and a naive majin boo.
why you...!
p-piccolo-san, wh-what's happening?
two majin boos. the earth may never return to normal now!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
majin boo was beginning to display an unexpected kindness.
however, two gunshots changed everything!
satan...!
run away! take the dog... far away! you'll die!!
boo's intense anger had given birth to another, purely evil boo.
there are two majin boos! what is going to happen to the earth?!
"which one will win!? a good-and-evil boo-boo confrontation."
who are you?!
who are you?!
i'm majin boo! i'm majin boo!
th-there are two majin boos! wh-what is going on?!
h-hang in there, majin boo! what are you doing, majin boo?!
get him! get him, majin boo! don't you lose, majin boo!
they're both majin boo, huh? that sure makes it hard to root for him.
what does this mean, exactly?
i feel a tremendously evil ki coming from the new one that came out.
it's probable that the evil part within boo has surged up and has been spewed out!
nice going, boo! attaway! keep it up like that!
this is bad! there's no chance the original boo can win!
when they split in two, the evil boo took most of their power with him!
at this rate...!
you must be tired, goten. here, drink up!
trunks! goten! what are you doing? we're going to train right now!
again? i want to rest a little. we just barely got back here.
you saw the power we had during our fusion, right?!
leave the destruction of boo to us!
don't get so full of yourself!
we must make your fusion even more impeccable!
your power is still not enough!
there's no time to be playing around!
if things continue, everyone will be done in by this new boo!
piccolo, what are you lordin' it over on them so much for?!
don't go bullyin' goten around just because you figure goku-sa is gone!
b-bullying?
that's right! who do you think you are?!
goten and trunks are still children!
this is usually the time they'd be takin' their naps, you know!
if you keep up nothing but their special training like this,
then when the time comes, they'll be all tired out and get beaten!
let them rest for a little while!
a-all right. so then, for a short while, we'll take a break.
but after you've rested a bit, we're going to train even harder than before!
yeah!
i'm hungry! let's go eat something, goten! yeah!
don't go overdoin' it, goten! you're still a child, after all!
in a pinch, you can leave the fightin' up to the adults!
okay, mother!
you too, trunks! got it?
l 901: it!
will that be all right, do you think?
there's still one day left before the appointed time. we'll manage something.
l-i'll turn you into chocolate!
h-he's turned into something funny again! wh-what's going on?!
wh-what is this?!
goten, don't panic! stay calm! stay calm!
huh?
what's that?
it's coming from earth, huh?
is that majin boo?
that's an incredible kfl. i wonder what in the world is happening on earth.
h-how can this be?!
hey, piccolo, what was that just now?
majin boo has transformed!
thanks to some foolish earthling, he has become pure evil,
and his body is now more suited to fighting.
th-this... this means...!
wh-what, piccolo? don't tell me this means more trouble!
l-it's all right! trunks and goten have their fusion!
goku said fusion was the strongest there is, didn't he?
this ki is enormous! what in the world is happening?
a good question.
u-um, can i ask you to please power me up a little faster?
at this rate, the earth itself, which i have to save, will be lost!
don't worry so. i'm doing it full-tilt.
i don't expect that you are.
die!!
he's gone! he's gone! h-he was afraid!
he was afraid of me, mister satan, and ran away!
i know it! i know he did!
that's only right! i am the strongest man in the world!
not even majin boo is so reckless that he would fight with me!
h-he heard that...!
sa... tan...
b-boo... we're saved...! he still remembers me...!
piccolo-san, what do you suppose will happen to the earth now?
in any case, all we can do is strengthen trunks and goten.
those two half-pints are the last card we have left to play.
once the break is over, we'll begin training immediately!
i'm full, i'm full!
now that my stomach is full, i've become sleepy.
me too! how about we take a nap?
yeah!
trunks, before you take a nap, make sure you take a shower!
goten! same goes for you!
yeah, we know.
trunks-kun, let's take one together! no way, take it by yourself!
what's the matter, piccolo?!
he's coming! he's headed for this temple!
ah, hell!
this majin boo is able to seek out our ki!
majin boo, having become the very essence of evil, has at length intruded at the temple!
gohan is still in the middle of his training.
is there anything that can actually be done?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
boo's fury had given birth to another, evil majin boo.
there were two majin boos-the battling, evil majin boo and the original boo!
l-i'll turn you into chocolate!
boo transformed yet again, and a purely evil majin boo had appeared!
ah, hell!
this majin boo is able to seek out our ki!
is there indeed anything that can be done?
( a no-timeout catastrophe'). earth's humanity exterminated. 
wh-who the hell is that?!
this is the transformed boo?
i knew it. here you are.
w-we'll be killed!
wh-what an incredible kfl.
gimme!
gimme!!
gimme? what the hell do you want us to give you? tell us!
gimme the guy who will fight me. he promised that guy would fight me.
i want to do it now and kill him.
he has to be here. i know there's a great power here.
it's the only place he could be.
h-he's become able to seek out ki after all. th-this is bad!
what was that voice just now?!
wh-who's here makin' that loud-voiced ruckus?
what?! who is that?!
gimme the guy i'm going to fight.
that guy whose hair turns golden made me a promise.
those who you're looking for are sure to appear in three... no, two days!
so until then, don't do anything, just wait!
are those guys strong?
stop killing people for no reason!
gimme. w-wait!
to be sure, those two are here. but right now, they are sleeping.
wake them, we'll fight!
th-they just barely went to sleep!
let them sleep a little while longer! i beg you!
they still aren't at their full power yet!
and as long as you're going to fight,
you'll want to go against warriors at their full power, right?
it's just no good. i hate waiting!
th-the promise was for two days afterward. there's still another day!
i've changed my mind. my mind changes fast. gimme!
he's come to fight trunks and goten!
he's gotta be kiddin'! who's gonna let somethin' like that happen?!
i'm gonna go shoo that guy away!
w-wait! chichi, if you head on out there,
he ain't the kind of foe you can do nothin' about!
let me go! let me go! let me go, i tell you!
let me go! pa, let go of me! let me go!
chichi!
gimme the strong guy!
if i let goten and trunks fight now, there's absolutely no chance of them winning.
somehow, i have to buy us some time.
gimme the strong guy!
please! wait just a moment! just a little while more will be fine!
th-that's right! you said you were going to kill every earthling, didn't you?
there's still a great deal of people who are still alive!
you can fight after you're done with that, can't you?
piccolo-sen!
s-sorry, those of you people still remaining!
we'll be sure to bring you back to life with the dragon balls!
wh-what's this?
so that's it! he's looking over the condition of the lower realm!
is he thinking of taking off to kill those remaining people?
still, at least it will buy us some time!
what is he walking around for?! he thinks he's so great!
kuririn...
go wake up trunks and goten right now and take them to the room of spirit and time.
they'll train in there.
in that place, they can do a lot of training in a short time.
eh? why don't you let them fight right away?
because i wasn't aware of that guy's power.
in his state, there's no way that the little squirts could beat him, even with fusion.
tell those half-pints that if they don't want to die while they're still little scamps,
then to train for all they're worth in there.
okay!
now's my chance! i'm gonna push him over the side!
see here, chichi! stop it!
y-you dummy! i am chichi!
chichi-san!
hey, you! wait there!
chichi-san!
i'll kill you!
chichi! are you okay?
goten-chan... goten-chan must not be allowed to fight him! pa!
what's this? he sure is a strange one, huh?
i'm afraid!
wake up! wake up, i say! wake up!
hey! wake up!
i can't eat any more...
this is no time for you to be talking in your sleep! wake up! wake up!
g-gone all the way around...
why?
what is this?!
wow, how pretty!
what is it?
what's the matter, kaioshin-sama?
j-just now, on earth, there's something happening.
what is this? what's going on?!
ten-san'.!
chaozu!
f-forgive me, you people. i will surely bring you back to life with the dragon balls!
i've killed all the earthlings. now, i will fight. gimme that guy!
understood! but we have to prepare for the fight. give me some time!
two hours-no, just one hour will be fine!
please!
one hour? how long is that?
once all the sand in this sandglass has fallen.
no!!
why not?! why can't you wait for just an hour?!
goten-kun and him aren't going to run away or anything!
you' re a smart-fleck'.!
hold it! that girl is mister satan's child!
mister satan's child says she wants you to wait!
it's true. her smell is similar to satan.
all right, i'll wait for you. when time is up, i'll kill everyone!
i'll even kill satan's child!
th-that was close!
what is happening up in the heavenly realm?
it's strange. fireworks at a time like this?
y-you're awake?! go to the room of spirit and time right now and train!
wh-what's happened?
the people of earth... have just about all... been exterminated.
by boo?! but there was still a good deal remaining, right?
no... the earth itself remains largely unharmed.
i don't understand. why is this happening?
kaioshin-sama...
a-aren't you done yet? it's well past time we should be finished, isn't it?
oh, is it that time already? yes, it is time we should be finished, huh?
hoo! the fact that we aren't done yet
means that you must have incredible dormant capacities!
would you please cut this out?!
there's no way i'm going to be able
to beat majin boo with all this... nonsense... of yours...
wh-what was that? that power that just seemed to boil up?
w-was that me?
hurry up and sit down!
if you keep fooling around, we'll lose that much more time!
l-i'm sorry about that!
really, i am...
a-awesome! he really ain't any ordinary old geezer!
y-yes! he's the kaioshin from 15 generations before me, after all!
for what that's worth...
dormant capacities are really one's true power that's hidden away, right?
that's what i believe.
that couldn't be! just how much power does gohan have hidden away?!
this is great! gohan is one extraordinary guy!
majin boo has transformed into the ultimate evil.
goten and trunks begin training anew.
and the elderly kaioshin's training was for real.
will gohan's hidden power be fully realized?
the battle with majin boo draws closer.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z
i've killed all the earthlings. now, i will fight. gimme the guy i will fight!
understood! but we have to prepare for the fight. give me some time!
two hours-no, just one hour will be fine!
please!
one hour? how long is that?
once all the sand in this sandglass has fallen.
in the face of a majin boo that has become the ultimate in evil,
only one hour's worth of time remains.
having come to this, there is no choice
but to have goten and trunks train in the room of spirit and time.
"the special training ls a success!! you're finished now, majin boo."
that's majin boo?!
he really has changed, huh?
and not just his shape, either.
everything about him is positively greater than before.
now you understand, right?
now, hurry and go into the room of spirit and time.
for every one minute here, you can train for six hours in there.
don't dilly-dally around!
mother!
wh-what?
wh-what does she think she's doing?! that idiot!
rotten majin boo! how dare you kill gohan-chan?!
give him back! give me back gohan-chan!
turn into an egg.
m-mother...
dammit... dammit...!
dammit...
dammit! hold yourself back, goten!
do you want all of this to be for nothing?!
damn you, majin boo! how dare you...!
goten...
listen! we can bring your mother back to life with the dragon balls!
that is, if you and trunks defeat majin boo!
however, with your power now, that's not possible, so you have to train!
in the short remaining time, you have to desperately train!
got it?
l-let's go do it, goten!
we'll train really well, and then we'll flatten majin boo! okay?
a-all right...!
sure is hot in here! i wonder if they have a cooler or anything.
besides that, our bodies seem heavier. right, goten?
w-well, there's no reason to be in that big a hurry, right?
out there it's just one hour, but in here, he said we would have all of 15 days!
you know something, this is one awful place in here!
hey goten! all we have for food is some yucky-looking powder and water!
what's going on? this is unbelievable, completely!
w-wait up!
y-yow! let's do this together!
um...
majin boo appeared to know who my father is. do you know why that is?
yeah.
wh-why is it? i don't understand it at all.
it's simple.
mister satan is the only human that majin boo has let his guard down to.
when we were trying to do anything we could by force, mister satan,
no matter his motives, chose to become majin boo's friend.
as proof of that, even though every earthling has been exterminated,
only mister satan was not killed.
even though he has become nothing but a destructive beast like that,
at least that memory of him remains.
even though he may not be able to match us in power,
your father really is the proud world champion.
papa a.
no more!! i won't wait any more!!
wh-what?!
wait! it hasn't even been 30 minutes yet!
you've got to give us at least a little more time!
no way. i won't wait any more. i will fight!
come on out! i'll kill you!
h-how come?
r-right now, we'd better go call trunks and goten out!
they've gotten way stronger now, i'm sure!
they just barely went in there, you know!
yow-ow-ow-ow...
what's going on?
okay, i'll let you fight. come with me.
this way.
h-hey! is piccolo planning to let majin boo fight with goten and trunks
inside the room of spirit and time?
why would he make them fight in the room of spirit and time?
i think it's because once they're inside the room of spirit and time,
then even if trunks-san and goten-san were to lose or anything,
you can destroy the entrance, and seal that world up inside.
it is a separate dimension from this world, and they will be unable to come out again.
whoa...!
s-so then, what happens to trunks and goten-kun?
it is all right. even if killed,
it is possible to bring the two of them back to life with the dragon balls.
hmm... piccolo has put together an outstanding strategy.
how nice and bouncy...!
still higher? that's right.
good grief! they're this way!
can't you show some kindness to the elderly?
anyhow, aren't they taking quite a long way around?
yes, they are. if they had turned at the last corner,
they would have been right there.
he's buying whatever little time that he can.
piccolo said that one minute here is six hours in there, you know.
still farther?! how far are we going?!
don't be impatient. your foe is at the very bottom level of this place.
bottom?! we were going up before!
you can't get there unless you do.
say, we did it, huh?
y-yeah... awesome! who knew there was anything above super saiyan?
we can win for sure like this!
everyone will be completely stunned!
but it sure does wear you out! it feels like we're using up all our power at once!
and this has time as its shortcoming. look...
we can only be like that for around five minutes.
then even the fusion breaks up and we return to normal.
if that's so, it's no problem! we'll just become like we did just now,
and given five minutes, we can beat him for sure!
dummy! that won't be very exciting! we've trained for a whole week!
the way i'm thinking, i figure that even in our regular fusion state,
we've improved to about the same level as majin boo.
now listen! let's make them think that by having about the same amount of power,
the fight will be drawn out.
everyone will get anxious.
after all, we can only hold fusion for thirty minutes.
but then, with five minutes to go,
we become ultra super saiyan like we just did, and put him away in a flash!
what do you think? it will be totally cool, right?!
sure! you're gonna panic, majin boo, you scumbag! take that!
we'll avenge my papa, gohan-san, and goten's mama!
yeah! let's do it!
still further?!
that's his limit...
a little further.
can you hear me, trunks and goten? it's me, piccolo.
i'm speaking into your minds now.
o-our minds?
be quiet and listen well. ready?
it turns out you'll have to fight majin boo earlier than we planned.
i'm headed your way now with majin boo.
th-that's bad! we just barely got done with fusion!
that will be okay. i'm buying time by purposely taking the long way.
it should be a good deal of time in there.
get yourselves ready to fight now by getting some rest! go to sleep!
i can probably draw it out another minute.
that will be six hours of your time there.
got it?
six hours will be plenty!
once piccolo-sen learns how great we've been training, he'll be so surprised, huh?
say, how about something to eat?
don't need to!! enough already!! you made us walk this long! i'll kill you!
o-okay...
in here.
this is a strange place.
dum, dum dum... dumm!
we've been waiting for you... majin boo!
all right, that was perfect!
them?
that's right.
please, let there be a miracle...
hey, the only spectator is going to be piccolo-san.
that's kind of disappointing.
really, them?
that's right.
well, that's okay. no choice but to do like we planned.
you're finished now... majin boo!
i was right, me just saying "majin boo" was a let-down.
that's because you couldn't remember your line, isn't it?
it was a waste to wait for this!
stop complaining and let's keep going, otherwise you'll forget.
yeah, okay.
here we go! okay!
o-ouch! hold on a minute, you! you didn't give any warning!
i can't believe you! what an idiot! really!
stop and think a minute!
we were just about to do something awesome, you know!
just wait! okay? got it?
let's do it over! don't move!
this takes a lot of nerve even without you doing that.
let's go again, goten!
right! ready, set...
ii fu__ll.
wh-what?! why aren't they starting this as super saiyans?!
"sion ha!!"
all right, good! right from the start, they've merged perfectly!
dum-dum-dum-dumm! it's gotenks!
you, huh? i remember!
you're the guy i beat to a pulp before!
you stupid dirtbag!
you're badly mistaken if you think i'm the same as i was before!
my time is limited!
i'll show you right away how i'm different from how i was before!
h-he certainly is different! he certainly is greatly powered-up!
c-can this possibly mean...?
can i attack you yet?
j-just a moment, okay?
th-this is strange. that should have had some kind of effect on him. aha!
he must be trying hard not to show his pain!
gotenks finds himself in a great pinch right from the start.
fight like you mean it!
life is not as easy as you might think!
th-this might be hopeless!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
the terrible majin boo, having exterminated all earthlings in a single instant...
them? that's right.
has been led to set foot inside the room of spirit and time,
as a last-ditch strategy by piccolo.
you're finished now... majin boo!
it was a waste to wait for this!
 pu-shun hal! 
the mightiest versus the mightiest-a fierce battle between gotenks and majin boo,
with everything on the line, has begun!
th-this is strange. that should have had some kind of effect on him. aha!
he must be trying hard not to show his pain!
"'i'm going like i mean it!!' a wide-open super gotenks."
miserable fool! this is all because you didn't start out as super saiyan!
this really was a waste. you're not strong!
i wasn't even being serious, so of course i didn't!
i'll show you what will happen when i mean business!
(dynamite kick').!
don't you toy with me!
dynamite kick boomerangu.!
what was that just now?!
yow-ow-ow-ow!
you're sure putting up with a lot...
(rolling thunder punch').!
now, look...
right here, right here.
dammit! you're mocking me!
why, you...!
ouch!
inoshishi attack!! [inoshishi: wild boar]
(power tackle').!
miracle super pun ch!!
(great kick special').!
dangerous machine-gun punch!! spiral shooting sobafl!
huh? next comes...
(magnum sundae'.'. ultra missile parfait') hyper plasma shortcake'.'.!
burning annindo... burning annin-daa!! [annindo: almond tofu]
yow hu.
you're pretty tough, aren't you?!
w-well, that's all j-j...
just what i was planning on!
ow!
time out a second.
pardon me, piccolo-sen, but is it possible you think i'm losing?
i don't want to think so, but given the difference in your strengths, it cannot be avoided.
hold on, now!
wh-what?!
now look, like i was just telling boo, everything up to now was taken into account!
taken into account, you say?
so you seem!
i've got a bunch of things that i thought up, you know?
oh, is that right? what kind of scheme do you have going?
see, at first, i was going to get ridiculously beat up,
and at the last moment, turn the tables on him, right?
that's the most exhilarating pattern of winning there is, isn't it?
as long as i'm at this, i'd like for them to say it was an incredible battle!
stop thinking about that trivial stuff
and go get him at full power right from the start!
geez! you don't understand the aesthetics of fighting at all, huh?
there's no need for you to have kept me in the dark about your little ruse!
time out is over!!
all right! i'm starting the second round now!
he's not taking that guy seriously enough!
right about now, inside the room of spirit and time...
i'm sure a life-and-death battle is unfolding.
hang on there, you guys! how can you say that so casually?
what if they lose to boo, and piccolo destroys the doorway?
neither trunks nor goten-kun will ever come out of that room again!
th-that's why, once we bring them back to life with the dragon balls...
so, are you saying to them that once they lose, they have to die?
is it okay for kami-sama to say such a thing?!
when a person dies, it's incredibly painful for us, you know!
senju kannon punch!! [senju kannon: thousand-armed goddess of mercy]
daikaiten kick!! [daikaitenz great spinning]
i-is that part of his plan as well?
is that what they call aesthetic?
that's enough! you're weak!
this is no fun. i'll kill you!
what did you say? talk big to me, will you?!
you don't get how fearsome i am at all, do you?
you'll be sorry! now you've made me seriously angry!
swpel' saiyang!
oh! you can turn super saiyan even while you're in fusion?!
piccolo-sen is surprised!
in that case, how about i provide him with a little more service?
h-he just might win!
i'm putting all of this to an end... the playing around, that is!
here i go!
which technique should i start concluding this with?
there's that one, and this one... i thought so many of them up...
what are you doing?! hurry up and decide!
okay, i've decided! but he might die with just one blow... oh, well...
(take this'. galactica donuts').!
stopl!
oh! this is pretty good!
this settles it, huh?
just kidding.
wh-what kind of guy is this?!
w-well, i thought it would come to this...!
just you going isn't fair! it's my turn now for sure!
you dummy!
wh-what?!
gotenks!
he got me...
it wasn't me!
out of the way, now!
you're giving me no latitude, huh piccolo-san?
why, you...!!
get carried away, will you? all right, in that case...!
ow-ow-ow-ow!
ha! ha ha-a! serves you right!
i was thinking of showing you even more than this,
but it's getting tiresome, so i'll finish you off with the best i've got!
take this, and be gone from this world!
i went to a lot of trouble training for this great technique!
(super ghost kamikaze attack').!
it just might be that this will beat him!
wh-what's that?
hi! it's a ghost!
an unusually cheerful ghost of gotenks...
can this really be a last great technique to defeat boo?
i've won!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
majin boo, having become the embodiment of evil,
had stormed his way into the heavenly realm, and destroyed everything on earth.
according to piccolo's strategy,
he had been led to fight goten and trunks in the room of spirit and time,
with the fate of earth at stake.
the strength of this new majin boo was beyond imagination.
then, finally, gotenks brought out the great technique he was keeping in reserve.
i went to a lot of trouble training for this great technique!
(super ghost kamikaze attack').!
hi! it's a ghost!
i've won!
"'i've done it!!' boo successfully eliminated with ghosts!?"
i'm scary! i'm scary!
here goes! i'm ridiculously scary!
wh-what technique is that?!
this is the first time i've seen anything like that!
"kaboom," he appears! "kaboom," it's a ghost!
this time, even you're dead, majin boo!
now, go ahead, ghost!
show him how dreadful the super ghost kamikaze attack is!
okay!
ready, set...!
yea!! you fool!
if you touch a ghost even the slightest amount, you'll cause a huge explosion!
yea! yea! yahoo! yahoo! yahoo!
hurry up and finish him off! he'll turn back to normal!
i know, i know, already!
i'm going to finish this with one big hard blow!
(super ghost kamikaze attack').!
i'm going to finish him with ten ghosts all at once!
all right! fall in!
ten-hut! stand at arm's length!
you stupid jerk! be more careful! touch me and we'll explode, you know!
you shut up! you're just too far forward!
see here, you two! line up, and no more "shigo"! [shigoz talking]
what does "shigo" mean? that's the place where us ghosts live!
no, that's the world shigo, you know? it's a calculation, isn't it? shi times go, 20! [shigoz after death; shi: four; go: five]
quiet already, and just line up! now, ten-hut! count off!
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9,10!!
all right! hey!
he's long since returned to normal... majin boo.
you punk! make a fool out of me, will you?!
you drink your creme sodas now, while you still can!
yo, yo, majin boo!
hmm? you ready now?
go! numbers 1 and 2, charge!
fool! i won't fall for the same trick twice! nyah!
hey, gather around!
did you see that?
that not-too-bright look on his face just now?
mm-hmm! we saw, we saw! can he really be a majin looking like that?
he made this face, and went "nyah" at us!
kaioshin-sama, have you noticed it?
how majin boo's ki has disappeared in the last little while?
n-now that you mention it...!
what does it mean? is he dead?!
i don't know. i can't feel the fusion ki from the little guys either.
they ain't seemed to have fought...
i wonder why their ki has just up and vanished.
ah, they're fighting in a world with a different dimension of time.
what? time? a world with a different dimension of time. any ideas about that?
the room of spirit and time!
why are they fighting in that place?
were the half-pints broken-in on while they were training?
no, the namekian seems to have let him inside on purpose.
i don't know why, though.
how does he know that?
awesome, huh? he's pushing gohan's power up and all, too.
he's certainly got what you'd expect of a kaioshin, ain't he?
hmph! phooey! i'm not of any use at all here!
where are you going?
i'm sending in some snacks for them, some snacks!
they say you can't fight on an empty stomach, right?
they won't have any time to eat them, you know.
what is it with you?! how can you all be so calm?
bulma-san, it's okay! they're goku and vegeta's sons!
i'm sure those two are going to save the world for us!
so then, numbers 3 and 4 will...
wh-what's up with this... battle? there's no sense of tension!
all right, here goes!
fight-on.
okay! let's give it to him!
serves him rig ht...!
dammit! those jackasses!
those two stupid ghosts are gone,
so everyone but number 10 go on according to the plan! go!!
again?!
oh! what do you suppose this is?
what could it be?
that's strange! what's it doing in a place like this?
it's-you know... one of those!
it's poop, isn't it? dummy! don't say that!
this sure is something nice, huh?
i wonder if it's yummy. good question!
now!!
we did it!
yea!!
i-it's an incredible fight, but something about this is absurd!
all right! number 10, you finish him off!
enter in through boo's mouth and blow him away so there's nothing left!
yes sir!
it's over!
i'll turn you into a hot dog! bam!!
boo...
let's go...
you know something, there's nobody around, is there?
where has everybody gone?
that was kind of childish, huh?
me, of all people, giving it to him like i meant business!
there's no time for you to be breathing easy! majin boo will regenerate!
you have to burn all the fragments that have been blown apart!
i'll help too!
i know, i know!
geez, and i still had one more last great technique, too!
it's kind of a shame i didn't get to show off my best stuff.
be quiet, and hurry it up!
okay, okay...
that's the end of it. that was a bit disappointing, huh?
you did well! you really have done well!
to be honest, i didn't think you could do as much as all this.
wh-what is it? this wind...!
d-don't tell me...!
h-hey! the smoke is gathering together!
dammit! it's majin boo!
oh? you don't suppose he's returning to normal?
th-that's it, all right. say, now what are we supposed to do?
what does it mean, that even burning him up is no use?
my, my, my... he looks completely pissed off...
damn, now we've done it!
we should have used our ki to entirely obliterate him, not just burn him up!
a-and then, just in case, we should have destroyed the entrance to this room,
sealing boo up in this world, which is in a different dimension.
that would have been perfect!
can you do it again? that super ghost attack you just did?
or for that matter, did you have another great technique?
i do have one more in reserve! but why don't i get piccolo-san all anxious?
that will make it more exciting, and all...
well, what about it?
l-it's hopeless!
i don't have the kind of power left that it takes to perform my great technique!
it's all over!
it's the end of the world!
l-let me go, you slimeball!
yow! now i'm pissed off! you bastard!
ding dong, ding dong! ladies and gentlemen, thank you for waiting!
at long last, i present my ace-in-the-hole technique!
wh-what?
p-piccolo-san, was that...?
this is the end for you, majin boo!
i've destroyed the only doorway between this world
and the one that you and we had previously been in!
you certainly are strong.
unfortunately, not even gotenks here could defeat you.
however, no matter how strong you are,
it will be impossible for you to ever leave here for the rest of your life!
p-piccolo-san, you mean, we...?
so, you can go ahead and kill us, and then spend eternity living here all alone!
here, in this world of nothingness...!
were you too hasty, piccolo?
will they never be able to return to their original world again?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
within the alternate dimension of the room of spirit and time,
the battle between majin boo, the ultimate devil,
and gotenks, the mightiest of warriors, born of fusion, has begun.
go! numbers 1 and 2, charge!
however, the situation had turned for the very worst.
l-it's hopeless!
i don't have the kind of power left that it takes to perform my great technique!
it's all over!
it's the end of the world!
an anxious piccolo destroyed the only entranceway,
locking majin boo into an alternate dimension of space!
will piccolo's desperate strategy be successful?
"escape from another dimension!! super gotenks 3."
majin boo, if you're going to kill us, then kill us.
however, you will never be able to leave this space again!
um, piccolo-sen, does that mean we can never leave too?
yeah, unfortunately. the entranceway has been closed off.
nobody will be able to go outside of this world of unlike dimension.
m-my precious candy!
there's none of that here! no reason it should be, is there?
not even cookies, ice cream, and chocolate?!
gone! there's nothing at all!
damn it to hell!!
wh-what was that just now? what the hell happened?
l-it's awful! doorway to room of spirit and time closed off!
so, piccolo has employed the final measure, then?
the final measure? you mean what you mentioned before?
hmm. not even trunks and goten appear to have been a match for majin boo.
and so, piccolo has destroyed the entranceway
to the room of spirit and time, shutting them all inside.
now that majin boo is closed up in a different dimension of space,
he will forever be unable to leave.
th-then, does that mean that trunks and goten-chan were done in by majin boo?
hmm... p-probably so.
you've got to be joking! this is why i was against this!
b-bulma-san! we do have the dragon balls,
so even if they have died once, we can return them to...
that's not the issue, is it?! you're all cowards!
how can you have children fight against that bad guy, no matter how strong they are?!
how can you leave the fate of the whole earth up to them?!
you're all just cowards!
(m)' candy...!
my (and)! is... gone!
hey! piccolo-sen! why did you do that without saying anything?!
i still had a great technique held in reserve!
y-you what?!
you said something to the effect that you were at your limit, didn't you?!
that was just a light joke! one of those little white lies!
i absolutely, absolutely had a technique that was sure to stop majin boo!
and now... now...!
what are you, brainless?! there are no little lies at a time like this!!
it's not even the slightest bit little! stupid! stupid! stupid! stupid!
you're the stupid one! stupid! stupid! i want to go back to our prior world!
make the entranceway go back the way it was!
it's been blown apart! how am i supposed to make it go back again?
stupid! stupid! stupid!
i want candy! candy...!
i can't stand this!!
huh?
what's that?
piccolo-sen, what's that?
l-it couldn't be! i-l don't believe it!
that's it! with the fantastic power of his ki,
majin boo has opened up a hole in the wall between dimensions...!
this is bad! he can escape!
the hole is disappearing!
i can't stand to be in this place!
he's escaping!
d-dammit, no!
yow!
it's vanished!
what's that?
it's majin boo's ki!
looks as if he's finally come out of the room of spirit and time.
what about goten-san and trunks-saws ki?
it's no use! i can't feel the half-pints' ki.
damn it all! what the hell is happening on earth?
i wanna see... i sure would like to see!
want a look, goku?
here!
awesome! i can see! i can see it!
the temple is being shown! whew! we can see it, even this far away?!
what is that?!
this isn't good! that ki...!
what?
l-it's majin boo!
you! how dare you do that to trunks and goten-chan!
lucky! there are many here! i'm getting a little hungry, so this is just right.
what should i make them?
i choose choco!
what kind of choco should i eat them as? choco bars would be good, i guess...
maybe powdered choco? maybe choco ice cream would be good...
i'm scared! i'm scared of that man!
he's gotten away, hasn't he?!
are we going to live the rest of our lives out in here?!
stop blubbering! your blubbering isn't going to allow us to leave here!
so then what do we do?! boo's gotten out of here!
the earth might already have been blown away by now!
gotenks, how sure of your voice are you?
my voice?
the two of us are going to yell as loud as we can.
it might break down the wall between dimensions.
if boo did it, there's no reason we can't do it too.
all right! let's go!
all right, one more time...
i wonder which will be the yummiest.
i'm scared!
damn. so it's majin boo... an opponent not even goku or vegeta could beat?
then i sure won't be beating him.
but if i don't do something, who else is going to protect her?
no. 18, i'm going to rush him.
when i do, you take her and hide yourselves inside the temple.
you got that?
goodbye. if things go well,
i'll see you again when i'm brought back to life with the dragon balls!
kuririn!
kuririn...!
now!!
run!!
tha'th one...
you're next!
no. 18!
that's two... that's three...
who should i choose next?
too much trouble! everyone at once!
h-how awful...!
damn it all...
that bastard! but, from here, there ain't anything we can do!
u-um, what's happened there, father?
it's nothing. gohan, don't concern yourself with anything extra!
just concentrate, and become able to fight as soon as possible! got it?
o-okay!
what about goten-san and the others?
i still can't feel their ki. have they been done in?
th-that can't be it!
if goten and trunks have been beaten,
then that leaves no one to protect the earth!
still, something has to turn up! as long as the dragon balls are left on earth...!
l-it's no use! we haven't even opened up a pinpoint hole!
while we're in here doing this, time keeps passing on rapidly out there!
this is bad! everyone will be...!
sheesh, got no choice, huh? guess i have to use that.
i was hoping to turn during a cooler scene than this, though.
wh-what are you talking about?
what do you think?
ow-ow-ow-ow!
stop being so pretentious, you idiot!
understood! okay then, here goes!
ta-dal!
hey, what are you...?
yea!
h-how did y-you do that?!
i don't know how i do it! you're shocked, huh?
still, i'm extremely strong! even so,
you get the feeling from my face that i'm supposed to be playing a bad guy.
well, i guess that makes me the same as you, piccolo-san!
l-it's super saiyan 3! you guys couldn't possibly...!
now then, this is no time to be talking, is it?
i can only be like this for an incredibly short time!
i did it! i opened a hole!
piccolo-sen, why are you standing there looking dazed?
hurry up, or the hole will close!
yo, yo, yo, majin boo! we've come out of there too!
oh? you were lucky to get out.
huh?
did you change a little bit?
fool! i haven't just changed a little bit!
i've gotten incredibly, incredibly, incredibly stronger!
oh, they've come out! those pipsqueaks are alive!
such an incredible kfl. is that from their fusion?
yeah! that's fusion for sure! and what's more, he's super saiyan 3!
super saiyan 3?
haven't i told you about that, kaioshin-sama?
it would take too long to tell you about it, but in short,
it's where you go above when you've gone above super saiyan.
going above going above super saiyan?
unbelievable! those little turds!
it took me many years until i was finally able to reach super saiyan 3,
and they had no trouble with it!
awesome! that's so awesome!
th-the temple...
wh-why, you! what have you done with the group that was here?!
they're right here.
y-you ate them?!
yeah! once i turned them into choco! they were yummy!
mother too?!
everybody!
n-now i'm completely mad!!
gotenks and piccolo at last have escaped.
however, neither bulma nor kuririn are at the temple!
an angered super saiyan 3 gotenks now takes off!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
according to piccolo's strategy, majin boo was sealed up
inside the alternate dimensional space of the room of spirit and time.
my candy is gone!! i can't stand this!!
i choose choco!
elsewhere, gotenks had transformed into the even fiercer super gotenks 3,
and escaped from the room of spirit and time!
why, you! what have you done with the group that was here?!
they're right here.
now i'm completely mad!!
"going too far!? boo-boo volleyball."
you'll pay for this, majin boo!
th-the temple...!
the temple...
you're doing pretty good. i'm glad i waited. it's fun fighting with you.
ha! smart off now, while you still can!
dammit!
why, you...!
go-go-go-go-go-go...
gotenks!
g-gotenks...
brain crush hammer!!
i did it! i did it!
(finish flash').!
all right!
way to go, gotenks!
oh, awesome, awesome! the tykes are sure giving it to him, ain't they?
whoa, nice one, nice one!
nice one, little guys! get him! get him!
yeah, way to g0, way t 9 !
f-father, what's happening on earth?
it's incredible! goten and trunks have undergone fusion,
and have become super saiyan 3, see?
they've got unbelievable power! really!
gohan...
you've just pushed us back a little bit more.
don't get distracted. the more you get distracted, the more time this will take.
you can't mean it...!
drive all idle thoughts out and concentrate yourself. concentrate!
this manga is so funny!
it's not fair, just me...!
oh! awesome, awesome! they really do have a gift for this!
in just a short amount of time,
they were able to perform both fusion and super saiyan 3, after all!
say, kaioshin-sama, do you think there's a chance that they have a chance?
goku-san! you must not look down on majin boo. this is not the depth of boo's power!
r-really? hang in there, goten and trunks!
h-help...!
dammit, now you've done it!
all right, watch this!
(super balloon bomber').!
ghosts! ghosts! how scary, how scary!
the ghosts have powered up as well! they're good and scary now!
okay! go! go!
that did it!
nothing to it, majin boo!
now i'm mad!!
oh! boo is angry! he's angry!
he's coming, he's coming!
hey! over here! over here!
not even boo can keep up with my speed!
where is he now?
i'm here!
bye-bye.
don't! stop! come on!
stop it!!
th-the temple...!
th-the temple!
the temple...
you okay, piccolo-san?
th-the temple...!
he's here, he's here!
what in the world happened? isn't there anyone left on earth?
hey, what's the matter?
l-it's a city! maybe there's someone there!
we'll be able to eat something! yahoo!
hey!! isn't there anyone here?! come on out! mister satan has come!
earth's hero, mister satan, is making his entrance!
hey...!
there's nobody here after all.
has every human on earth been killed by boo? why?
he was an unexpectedly good fellow.
right? he was a good guy, huh?
how come, boo?
the temple...! the temple...!
watch this!
what, what? what's he doing?
huh? he's become round, like a ball!
the temple...!
whoa! look out, piccolo-san!
here he comes again!
the temple's going to be all gone like this!
i wonder what in the world is happening.
g-gotenks! do something!
hey, leave it to me!
renzoku super... [renzoku: consecutive]
dammit! renzoku super... hey, gotenks!
can't you do the technique without that pose?!
l-i can do it, but... well, no matter.
geez, it looks so cool, too!
renzoku super donuts!!
all right! tighten around him!
nice going, gotenks! you've sealed up majin boo!
no way, no way! boo could get out of this in a second!
i'm going to inflict a whole lot of damage on him!
er... um... hmm...
what should i do?
i know! smash him in ultra boo-boo volleyball!
wh-what is that?!
piccolo-sen, don't just stand there, not paying attention, help me out!
o-okay!
here goes, dearie!
that's not right, piccolo-san!
when i say "here goes, dearie!" you have to say "ha-ai!"
you have to hurry and do it right, or majin boo will come on out!
and i can only stay in this form a short time, so i'm hurrying!
o-okay.
here goes, dearie!
ha-ai!
t-toss!
(ultra boo-boo attack').!
yahoo! i am in perfect form!
h-he would have been all right just now, even if i hadn't helped out, right?
yahoo!
wowu.
it looks just like a meteor fell here! ooh! i'm scared!
piccolo-sen!
com e qn n you i hav ts say "h a_ai! ll."
would you cut that out?!
what happened to boo?
he's here, he's here!
yahoo! nicely done, goten and trunks!
l-it's not over yet! please, you must be careful to the very end!
goten-san! trunks-san!
yo, yo, yo! majin boo! come on out!
i know you aren't going to keel over from just this!
get on with it!
i can only stay this ridiculously strong for a little while longer, after all!
it will take another hour before i can become like this again!
huh? maybe he really did die.
you've got me there!
i guess that was a little disappointing, huh? i wonder if i've gotten too strong!
look out!
super gotenks 3 exhibits ferocious strength!
however, what's more fearsome is majin boo's depth of strength!
who will come out the victor in this battle of the strongest?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
majin boo had at length escaped
from the alternate dimensional space of the room of spirit and time.
lucky! there are many here!
i'm getting a little hungry, so this is just right. what should i make them?
and then, having merged through fusion,
goten and trunks also transformed into super gotenks 3,
and escaped from the room of spirit and time.
now i'm completely mad!!
renzoku super donuts!!
(ultra boo-boo attack').!
yo, yo, yo! majin boo! come on out!
i know you aren't going to keel over from just this!
"truly 'great'!! a reborn gohan returns to earth."
phew! that was a close one!
l-if the earth had taken that head-on,
it would have been wiped out without a trace!
you dirty bastard!
you've done it now, you boo-boo swine!
here i go!
renzoku shine-shine missiles! [renzoku shine-shine: continuous die-die]
stop, you fool! are you trying to blow away the earth as we know it?!
it's okay, isn't it? after all, there's nobody alive down there!
don't forget that the dragon balls are scattered all over the earth!
if you destroy even one of them,
we can never return the earth back to the way it was again!
oh, is that right?
well, that's okay. i've already gotten him quite a bit!
boo must be fairly weakened!
he hasn't been weakened at all! this is pissing me off!
n-no, he is weaker!
i don't know about his physical strength, but mentally, he's beginning to weaken!
this is a first for him... fighting with someone as strong as you are.
at the very least, fighting with someone of equal strength has him thrown off.
in other words, majin boo is flustered, right?
i guess that would be true! my strength leaves nothing to be desired, after all!
you could say i'm the strongest in the universe!
don't let your guard down, gotenks!
if you get too over-confident, you'll be hurting later!
he's going to start coming at you like his life depends on it now!
i don't mind, i don't mind! i hope he does!
damn it all! our hero left himself wide open!
why, you...! let me go, you big...!
oww! you're not getting away with that any more!
hang in there, goten! trunks!
th-they're incredible!
to think they can fight blow-for-blow with majin boo!
i wonder how much longer. if it's not soon, then i won't be in time...
you scum!
i'm going to put you away here and now! yea!!
dammit!
this hurts!
gotenks!
why, you...!
huh?!
now i'm mad! you've made me furious!
d-don't get irritated, gotenks!
you rotten...!
back at you!!
awesome! awesome!
gohan won't get a turn like this!
now to finish you!
i'll blow you to pieces, then into little chunks, then to shreds, then to bits!
this time, you won't be able to return to normal!
once i blow you apart,
i'm going to completely wipe you out with my ki, you see?
die!!
h-huh?
u-uh oh! h-he went back to normal!
hey!
yeah, you got me, you got me! how funny, how funny!
l-it's hopeless!
l-it's all over now! damn!
say, old man kaioshin-sama! hurry it up!
the little runts' fusion has powered down!
really, father?
yeah! they're going to get killed like this!
okay, you can go! you've been finished for a while now.
vii:
finished?!
for a while now? since how long ago?!
hmm, since about five minutes ago, i suppose.
wh-why didn't you tell us sooner?!
you were just saying that since i got distracted,
it was going to take longer, didn't you?!
ignorant fool! it's more dramatic for you to go once there's a pinch, you know!
th-this is awful! in that case, i have to hurry!
a-at this point, bluffing and anything else is fine! all right...!
(super ghost kamikaze attack').!
i may have returned to my normal form,
but the force of my techniques has been powered up!
go ahead, ghosts! knock majin boo flat!
hey, what should we do?
no way i'm doing that! he looks pretty strong!
stop fussing around and go get him!
all right! now, while i still can... run!!
h-how do i become the mightiest of warriors, with strength beyond my limits?
ah, well, you transform into that super-whatever-you-call-it often enough.
that's the gist of it. you just have to get yourself fired up.
the gist of becoming super saiyan, right? understood!
h-hey, just a moment!
u-unmindful fool, becoming like that while i'm nearby!
i-incredible...
this is incredible, father!
y-you're right! it really is incredible! amazingly so!
magnificent! gohan-san has certainly surpassed his limits.
it's unbelievable! absolutely!
by looking at you, you haven't changed all that much!
you ain't even super saiyan, yet you've come to this extreme?!
hmph. it's not as though he has to transform.
that super-whatever-thing is depraved!
gohan-san, quickly, to earth! if we don't hurry, the irreparable will happen!
come with us, and we'll go to earth!
no, i shall take gohan-san there alone.
what are you saying, kibit?
it is the kaioshin's responsibility to see things through to their end!
once i have taken him, my intent is to come right back here.
begging your pardon, but if both of us go,
we will only be slowing him down, will we not?
i do not want to get in the way of this magnificent savior.
ki bit-san...
i see. you are correct. i understand. if you please...
sorry, gohan. i'm a man of the other world now.
even though i want to go, it's impossible.
i sure wish i could have seen you up close-the way you've gotten so big...
father .
i ain't gonna see you again. not until you come to the other world, that is...
good luck! go blow majin boo away!
right!
all right, go on!
farewell, father!
why, that rotten...!
he left and forgot to say thanks to me, and i worked the hardest!
and so, excuse me. we're counting on you.
right! um...
kibit-san, i have a favor to ask. can i have you change this clothing?
i'd like you to make it the same clothing as my father's.
please, i want to fight wearing my father's gi!
you don't say. it is a simple enough task.
um, the color is the same as the droppings of the frogs on planet popol, right?
um, it's the color of a kerria rosebush.
ah, that's perfect! thank you very much!
well then, i will be going.
from the far distant kaioshin realm,
we will be wishing victory for our grand warrior!
farewell. give my regards to the two kaioshin-sama as well.
all right, let's go!
dammit!
huh?! th-this is bad! our fusion has come undone!
gotenks had pressed his attack to within one step away, but now,
even his fusion has come unbound!
goten and trunks are in an absolute pinch!
however, after having finished his training
and achieving the ultimate power-up, gohan has returned!
can he indeed become the savior of the earth?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the ultra-power of super gotenks had finally cornered majin boo.
however, at the moment when he was about to finish him off,
his fusion dissolved, and gotenks returned to trunks and goten.
huh?! this is bad! our fusion has come undone!
elsewhere, in the kaioshin realm, gohan finally completed his power-up.
i ain't gonna see you again.
not until you come to the other world, that is...
good luck! go blow majin boo away!
fine!
all right! let's g0!
"boo overwhelmedl! gohan's miracle power."
for them to run out of time...!
you rotten guys! this is all because you didn't finish him off right away!
now we've had it! our fusion has ended too!
you don't suppose we're going to get killed now?
there's no supposing about it! we are definitely going to be killed like this!
l-it can't be 50...!
say, shall we run away?
do you think we could get away?
it would be impossible, wouldn't it?
we're going to get killed, are we? damn, and we're still so young!
i don't want to be!
piccolo-sen!
i don't think it will be much help, but i'll fight too.
i'll do everything i can, and if it's not enough, i'll die alongside you.
do everything you can?! you've got to be kidding!
piccolo-sen, you know darn well
this is the guy not even fusion could stand up to!
right! right! piccolo-sen, you're an adult, so maybe you're fine with it,
but we're still children, and we'd definitely hate to die!
what should we do, trunks-kun?
okay, then...!
having come to this...
having come to this...?
let's sincerely apologize!
he's pretty simple, so if we give him one of his favorite candies and apologize,
he might unexpectedly forgive us!
that's it! maybe he will forgive us!
if he does, ha ha, we can buy enough time for our next fusion!
n-now, come on...
all right, goten! let's get some candy ready right now!
but there aren't any stores anywhere around.
it's possible that we could look throughout the entire world and there
wouldn't be any candy stores left.
i don't think there's anyone around who makes candy, either.
maybe this won't work after all...
hey! cut it out already!
what?!
wh-what's the matter with majin boo?
b-beats me...
i-i hear something!
huh? is that... could it be... snoring?
h-he's asleep. he fell asleep! how come?
wh-what does this mean?!
is he just toying around with us? or is he instead...?
we're going to go have a look!
w-wait! don't do anything uncalled-for!
he has to be sleeping after all, here, doesn't he?
i'm not sure. maybe he's just trying to trick us.
i know! let's tug on this and see!
if he's playing possum on us, he's sure to be surprised and open his eyes!
here goes!
a little farther...
what?!
y-you idiots! goten! trunks!
wh-what are you guys trying to do,
intentionally wake him up now that he's so kindly gone to sleep?!
i don't know what he's planning, but right now it doesn't matter!
in any case, we have to do whatever it takes to buy some time,
and get ready for your next fusion!
that's the only way we can defeat him! got it?
okay...
what?!
wh-what ki is this?!
someone's coming!
who is it?!
th-they're strong! this is a fantastic ki!
l-i don't know it! who can it be?!
is it a new enemy? or is it instead...?
l-it's goku!!
no it isn't! it's big brother! big brother!
gohan-san?!
wh-what?
it couldn't be!
thank goodness i'm in time!
gohan-san... big brother! thank goodness!
you weren't dead, huh?
nah. it was a close one, but i was saved by kaioshin-sama.
up to now, i've been at kaioshin-samds place.
l-is that gohan? no. there's something different!
the look on his face is a little different,
and he has a different sort of kithan before, too.
on top of that, his meekness has disappeared.
that's why i couldn't tell it was him.
what about everyone else?
they were killed by majin boo!
what?! including mom and dende and the others?
that's right! everyone except for us!
that's done it! to think that even dende had been killed!
how can this be?! the dragon balls, upon which everything depends, have vanished!
they were delicious!
i ate them, after i turned them into choco!
no, that's not true! i can feel it! a faint ki...
hey, don't tell me you intend to fight me!
no. i intend to kill you!
okay, gohan! show him your power, now that you've undergone that power-up!
still, kaioshin-sama, when you first said
you were going to bring gohan-san to this holy region, the kaioshin realm,
i was thinking, "what could come from this?"
kibit, i was right in my judgment, wasn't i?
yes. not only did he pull out the legendary z-sword,
which even successive generations of kaioshin-sama were unable to do,
but he also released the grand kaioshin-sama that was sealed within it!
indeed. to think that in fourteen generations,
and with fourteen other kaioshin, not one was able to break my seal...
p-please, forgive us!
even so, i think that effectively, this is for the best.
after all, the human realm should be defended
by the hands of humans themselves.
i think so too.
after all, the future ain't something to be handed to us by someone.
which is why...
people must always continue to work for it,
and it's precisely because we have a future we believe in that people can hold life precious.
now that i think about it, i'm dead, huh? oh, well...
still, goku-san, what you say is correct.
hmph! i knew that without having to be lectured by you fellas!
after all, how many years do you think i've been alive?!
everyone together making a fool of the old guy...!
that's not how it is!
hang in there, gohan! the future of earth rests on your shoulders!
i remember! you're the guy i blew away earlier!
you're going to kill me?
looks like you want to get blown away by me once again!
i-it's hopeless! judging from his ki, gohan has powered up,
but no matter how much, there's no way he can win by fighting him head-on!
l-it's too dangerous! we have to use fusion and fight together with him!
we can't! we can't do that until an hour has gone by!
i know! but let's at least try to do what we can!
after all, at this rate, big brother will be...!
goten...
all right! let's try to fight together, even if it is hopeless!
all right!
n-now you've done it!
b-big brother...!
a-awesome!
way to go, gohan-san!
what's the matter? weren't you going to blow me away?
i will blow you away! i will blow you away!
i will blow you away!!
unbelievable! what the hell has happened to him?
it's hard to believe he's the same gohan!
and he's not even super saiyan, but that power...!
way to go, big brother!
that level of attack couldn't have had any effect on you.
it's useless for you to try to trick me.
damn! it hasn't affected him at all!
what's the matter? aren't you going to come? in that case, i'll go!
he's coming! he's coming! he's coming!
wh-what's this?!
over here.
you retard.
with his ultimate power, gohan tosses majin boo around!
the light of hope for the earth has begun to shine!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
with the fusion being broken,
and as everyone began to wonder if this was the end of the earth...
big brother! it's big brother!
at last, having completed his training in the kaioshin realm,
gohan had returned!
hey, don't tell me you intend to fight me!
no, i'm going to kill you!
you retard.
will the extraordinarily powered-up gohan be able to completely defeat majin boo,
and become a true savior?
"has he done it!? majin boo's great explosion."
retard, you say? retard?!
h-he called him that?!
h-he's gotten too carried away, regardless!
y-you called me a retard?!
you can't win!
so, that was you after all?
what? what do you mean?
i knew it! ever since i was fighting those runts!
far, far, in a very faraway place, i felt a strong power.
i will not stand for any power stronger than mine!
so that's it. you were testing me, just to make sure
that i really was greater than you...
that's too bad, huh majin boo?
y-you mean that even during the height of that battle,
he had already become conscious of gohan's existence?
l-in that case, what in the world was the meaning of that fight with gotenks?!
listen, and listen well!
i will not stand for you! absolutely not!
absolutely not, absolutely not! i won't stand for you!! i'll kill you!!
kill me, you say?
you must know better than anyone else that such a thing is impossible.
i'm looking forward to this!
watch out!
i'm so thirsty...
b"beer!!
looks so good!
hold on, hold on, i'll find some milk for you.
w-we owe you one, gohan. you saved us.
not at all.
whew! that was close!
t-to think he would blow himself up!
big brother, you're incredible! way to know that boo was blowing himself up!
is boo dead, then?
no.
he blew himself up, didn't he? he tried to take you with him, gohan-san!
if he had been trying to take me with him,
he would have made it even bigger...
so much so that there would be nothing left of earth.
what does this mean? has he fled? i don't feel his ki!
he is capable of muffling his ki.
s-so he's hiding, looking for his next chance!
i don't know. but it does seem as if he's planning something.
ha! even if he is really alive, there's no problem!
that jerk was powerless to stop gohan-san!
he's as strong as we were as super gotenks!
even stronger!
really? yeah, just a little.
tell me, gohan, how is it that you've become so powerful?
wow, such an incredible old man, huh?
by the way, piccolo-san, who has the dragon radar?
ah, we gave that to piccolo-san!
y-yeah. it's true that i do have it.
however... with dende having been killed, the dragon balls are mere stones now.
the dragon balls are what?!
it's okay. dende is alive. see? you can faintly feel his ki, right?
what?!
l-it's true! i feel him!
yeah! i can tell too! he's over that way!
come on! let's go locate dende while we can!
we don't know when boo will appear again, after all.
all right! let's go!
that jerk! he really has killed everyone! there isn't a single person anywhere!
yeah...
what? do you see something?
yes. isn't that...?
l-i want some beer... water would be okay too...
it's mister satan! why is he the only one who has survived?
he's sure a tough one. let him be, let him be!
no, let's bring him with us.
even given all that, he's still a good person at heart.
he did try to save the earth, in his own way.
juice... cola... oolong tea...
huh? you're...!
good day.
g-good day...
still, why is it that dende alone survived?
boo had plenty of time. enough for him to seek him out and kill him.
father said that you were fighting in the room of spirit and time,
and that boo was the first to come out, right?
that's right.
he broke through the wall between dimensions.
even so, piccolo-san, afterward you all came out as well, almost immediately, right?
one day here is the same as a year within the room,
so piccolo-sen, you and the others came out just one moment later, didn't you?
th-that's right!
how can this be?!
i got so distracted that i've misunderstood everything! that's right!
it was completely the opposite!
you sure do get reckless sometimes, piccolo-san!
th-thanks...
oh! kami-sama!
everyone!
how good of you to have gotten away, dende! well done!
p-popo-san said that i at least absolutely must not die!
when it looked like everyone was going to be eaten by boo,
he immediately flung me toward the lower realm!
i choose choco!!
kami-sama at least must not die!
he was right. if you had died, the dragon balls would be ordinary stones.
the earth would have remained a ghost town.
that's our mister popo! he's made an excellent determination!
h-hey, who is he? that kid over there with the sickly complexion?
now see here! what do you mean, kid?! that's kami-sama! kami-sama!
wh-what did you say?
whew, thank goodness!
um...
what are these dragon balls that you have been talking about for a while now?
never mind that, what in the world does majin boo plan to do?
there's no way he can win!
wh-wh-wh-what?!
v-v-videl has been killed?!
b-boo killed v-videl?! th-th-that can't be!! videl! videl!
hey, you! why didn't you protect videl?! why didn't you?!
i'm sorry...
it's okay, pops! they can come back to life, after all!
c-come back to life? really? videl can come back to life, right?
really! really! really!
you're not lying to me, are you?
if you're lying, i'll make you swallow a thousand needles!
it's majin boo!
what?! boo, you say?
th-that can't be! is he already intent on fighting again?
what could have changed in just the hour or so that has gone by?
i'll finish him off this time for sure!
everyone, be careful not to get caught in between us!
okay, show me what has changed!
boo!
why have you killed everyone?! you promised me, didn't you?
that you wouldn't kill any more?
boo! don't you know who i am?
it's no use! he's not the same boo he was before!
l-look! this is the cute little guy you saved! see how lively he's gotten?
i told you, it's useless! stop it, already!
you'll get in the way of gohan's fighting.
what does he want me to do? damn...
strange. i don't think there's a single thing about him that has changed.
what is it with him? what the hell is he thinking?
yeesh! he's bluffing, he's bluffing!
he's just going to go right off running away again!
hey, pipsqueaks! come on out! i want to fight you!
what?
you've got it backward, boo! i'm your opponent now!
first i'm going to settle things with the pipsqueaks! i'll fight you afterward!
why?! why do such a roundabout thing? you wanted to defeat me, didn't you?!
what's the matter, pipsqueaks? are you afraid to fight me?
what happened to all those high spirits you showed earlier?
once again, majin boo challenges trunks and goten to a fight.
just what exactly do you have planned?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
after a ferocious battle with gohan, majin boo went and blew his own body up!
how good of you to have gotten away, dende!
however, shortly after reuniting with dende and satan,
boo once again came attacking.
hey, pipsqueaks! come on out! i want to fight you!
you've got it backward, boo! i'm your opponent now!
what's the matter, pipsqueaks? are you afraid to fight me?
"boo's worst foul!! gotenks is absorbed!?"
what happened to all those high spirits you showed earlier?
what was that? you say we're afraid?!
you don't get it at all, do you?!
if we hadn't returned to normal earlier, we would have completely won that fight!
i don't know about that.
you seemed to be pretty scared, if that was supposed to be the case.
what was that?!
he said we were scared!
all right! what a fool! let's get him!
this time, we'll get him for sure, trunks-kun!
of course we will!
are we going to stand here quietly while being mocked by that punk?
w-wait! there's something odd about this. don't you think it's strange?
why...?
you think too much, piccolo-san!
what kind of strategy could come from an idiot like that?
yeah!
h-hey!
all right! plenty of time has gone by! we can do our fusion!
don't! you guys just be quiet and watch on. i am going to defeat him.
you've got to be joking!
we can't just sit quietly after having been defied that badly!
big brother, you just don't know how strong we are when we go through fusion!
we'll show you right now...
so just give us some room!
that's right! do it now! that fusion or whatever thing!
all right, let's go, goten!
yeah!
this time, let's start out right away as super gotenks!
"fun __fu__"
sion hag!
oh, so this is fusion?
yea!
dum-dum-dum-dum! it's the grim reaper of justice, super gotenks!
i-incredible...
for two people to become one person... th-that can't be so!
all right!
if i can just add those pipsqueaks' power and that piccolo guy's brains...
i-is this not a trick?
wh-what is it, at a time like this? are you hungry?
tough it out, i'm starving myself.
a-one, two, three, four... a-one, two, three, four...
a-one, two, three, four...
well, how about i give it to him now? after all, i'm the one he designated.
but even so... it will be no trouble at all putting him away!
very well. but don't drop your guard!
awrig ht!
y-you dummy! where are you going? come back!
w-wait up! where are you going?!
wait!
here goes!
wh-what?!
wh-what is this?!
p-piccolo-san!
wh-why, you! what have you done?!
you're mine!
d-dammit, no!
a-ah, hell! so that's what he was doing?
g-get him, gohan! get him now!
does that mean...?
wh-wh-what was that?! what's happened?!
p-piccolo-san and super gotenks were absorbed by boo!
c-can he do something like that?
what do you think, gohan-kun?
my strategy succeeded without incident. now, look! wonderful, isn't it?
this is that moment which will never come again, no matter the future...
the birth of the mightiest of majin!
that was dirty, you! how could you pull those two into yourself?!
it's your fault! you're the one who was stronger than me,
who should have been the absolute strongest!
from the time i could feel your existence so far away, i began this strategy.
perhaps there was someone even stronger than i.
and so i thought
that if i were to absorb the super gotenks or whoever the runts were
i was fighting with at the time into myself,
then no matter what matter of fellow might show up,
my throne as the mightiest of all would not be shaken.
however, it seemed that those runts' power was limited by time.
that's what they said.
get on with it!
i can only stay this ridiculously strong for a little while longer, after all!
it will take another hour before i can become like this again!
it wouldn't do for me to have them return back to normal at the moment i absorbed them.
i waited for the next opportunity.
it was apparent that given an hour, they could once again turn into this super gotenks.
as such, i disappeared for that long.
so that was it, was it?
however, for you to be standing there babbling on like that,
your slow-wittedness doesn't seem to have changed at all.
as long as you were out absorbing people, wanting to make yourself first-rate material,
it would have been a lot easier to have just absorbed me!
you don't seem to understand at all, do you?
without an opponent, what am i to do once i become the strongest?
what?
the previous majin boo said he was definitely going to blow you away, right?
that is my greatest goal.
i see, so that's it. you've convinced me.
now, then...
you'll have to allow me to hurry through this fight.
apparently this super gotenks that i've absorbed
has quite a short transformation time limit about him.
that's a fairly level-headed determination, coming from you.
looks like you were right to absorb piccolo-san as well.
i'm going to kill you. that's for sure.
before you do... i'll kill you!
u-um... green-faced kami-sama?
c-could you see that just now?
just now? you mean the fight just now?
then they were fighting? for you to be able to see movement that fast,
you really are kami-sama, aren't you?
y-yes. i am being allowed to serve as such for the time being.
l-i apologize for not saying so before,
but i am the world champion of combat sports, mister satan.
pleased to meet you.
ah, it is i who am pleased to meet you.
hmph. it appears you still aren't putting out enough power to kill me.
perhaps you first wish to test my abilities?
that's what i would expect from this being piccolo-sen.
you've seen right through me, then? this is going to be hard.
in that case, it's about time i got down to business!
come on!
so, what comes next?
gohan-san! behind you!
gohan, tough it out!
honorable ancestor! can gohan-san really win against boo? what do you think?
i don't know.
h-how irresponsible!
g-gohan-san's ki has disappeared! th-that can't be!
have you been beaten, gohan?
this is pretty bad, huh?
what's the matter? are you trying to buy time by hiding yourself there,
while you hold your k1"?
which would mean that you've realized at least this much...
that there's no way you can stand up to me like this!
having obtained piccolo's brains and super gotenks' power,
majin boo has been reborn!
what will become of gohan's fight against this strongest, most evil of enemies?
we'll see!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
boo, having absorbed piccolo's brains and super gotenks' power,
has transformed into the mightiest majin boo of all!
what do you think, gohan-kun? look! wonderful, isn't it?
as long as you were out absorbing people,
wanting to make yourself first-rate material,
it would have been a lot easier to have just absorbed me!
you don't seem to understand at all, do you?
without an opponent, what am i to do once i become the strongest?
what?
i am definitely going to blow you away! that is my greatest goal!
i see, so that's it. you've convinced me.
what's the matter?
are you trying to buy time by hiding yourself there, while you hold your k1"?
which would mean that you've realized at least this much...
that there's no way you can stand up to me like this!
we'll see!
"for the sake of the entire universe... return to life, son goku."
what's the matter? weren't you going to kill me?
you've got to watch your opponent's movements more closely!
you were taught that in training, right? by piccolo?
sh-shut up!
where are you looking?
wh-what does this mean?
after being powered-up that much, gohan-san is being so one-sidedly beaten!
gohan...!
gohan-san!
that was piccolo's technique, right?
makankosappo, isn't it?
however, the force was much higher.
it was in a whole different league.
don't you think?
i have obtained this, the strongest power in the universe...
for the purpose of killing you!
wh-what's that now? there's another boo that has come out of boo's mouth!
how come? how come?
i am at a loss to say...
wh-what is that?!
die!!
don't do it, gohan! don't touch that thing!
to say it in the same style as super gotenks,
super boo kamikaze attack, i suppose.
i wanted to try a bit more of this, but it doesn't appear to be necessary.
truly a shame.
oh... to think that you could have taken that head-on and still be alive!
you're really something.
k-kami-sama! let me have life, even after i've died!
i'm not dead! we survived, wan-chan!
wan-chan is gone'.!
i am the mightiest in the universe!
i am, absolutely! i will not allow anyone to surpass me!
wan-chan?!
o-over there!
d-dammit, this is hopeless! gohan is going to get killed like this!
i had not taken this into account...
okay then, son goku, you go and help him!
n-no, i can no longer...
he's right, honorable ancestor.
son goku can in fact never go to the temporal world again.
i know that.
i will give you my life to replace yours. then, you can return to life.
g-grand kaioshin-sama, your life... to me?
y-you mustn't!
that the grand kaioshin-sama should grant his life to a human, of all things!
how can that be?!
in that case, the whole universe is finished.
majin boo will surely come here as well.
th-then, at least, let it be my life!
k-kaioshin-sama!
i was unable to prevent majin boo's revival,
nor could i contribute to gohan-san's training!
i want to be able to be at least that much help.
you need not go that far. you're still young.
i would only live another thousand years or so anyhow.
honorable ancestor...
o-old-timer...
wh-what did you say?!
is this true?!
mm. it's a good thing i thought ahead, just in case, and left his spirit the way it was.
i've even given him a body.
please, let this be of some help.
i don't think this is the proper thing to do either,
but it cannot be helped if we are to save the earth.
hmph. for you to have to rely on a miscreant such as i...
however, with majin boo as my opponent,
i don't think i can fulfil your faint expectations.
okay, uranai baba, i hate to have to do this, but take him to earth. hurry.
understood.
m-me take him?!
the earth... no, the universe is in crisis!
why does a weak old woman such as myself
have to go to where that terrifying majin boo is?!
i'm counting on you.
on me, now? how pitiful.
farewell, then.
that was this gotenks' technique as well.
how does it feel, to be done in by your own pals' techniques?
g-gohan-san!
this is one of your techniques as well...
you must be happy to be killed like this.
this was all too easy!
you're a tough one.
oof...
h-honorable ancestor...
so then, farewell.
o-old timer...
thanks so much. i definitely ain't going to let your life go to waste!
all right! hurry up and go!
what are you doing?! come on, come on! are you trying to make my death in vain?!
i told you, it is no use muffling your ki.
you just don't know when to give up.
are you wanting to live even one second longer?
what's wrong? hang in there! you're getting awfully weak.
not yet, not yet! as long as i have time remaining, i will have you entertain me!
h-hey, he's getting beaten! he's getting beaten up!
y-you should take the dog and run far away! you'll be caught up in this!
hey, if it comes to that... and as a martial arts champion,
i hate to have to use it... this .45 will start spitting fire!
how about that?!
well, i'm off!
just a second, son goku!
going off is fine and all, but once you go, how do you intend to beat majin boo?
i hate to say it, but i don't think that the two of you could beat majin boo now.
um...
ah, yeah! fusion! me and gohan will do fusion! then we'll win for sure!
fusion... mm, that thing those little guys were doing?
i doubt that majin boo would just wait around
while you guys go through the nuisance of posing through that fusion business.
th-then what should we do?!
grand kaioshin-sama, it was you who told me to go give it to him!
which is why... here!
put one of these potara earrings on your left ear.
j-just what sort of purpose will that thing serve?
good question...
by putting this on, will it make me stronger? i ain't getting that sense at all.
have gohan place the other one on his right ear.
just by doing that, you two can combine together, like you were in fusion.
really?!
goku, having been returned to life in order to save the entire universe,
takes possession of the kaioshin's precious merging items, his potara.
will they really be the trump card needed to beat majin boo?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
to become the mightiest of majin, boo absorbed gotenks and piccolo!
majin boo and gohan's ferocious battle continued...
not yet, not yet!
as long as i have time remaining, i will have you entertain me!
elsewhere, as goku returned to life
in exchange for the life of the elder kaioshin...
here! put one of these potara earrings on your left ear.
have gohan place the other one on his right ear.
just by doing that, you two can combine together, like you were in fusion.
what will come of the potara, mysterious items received from the elderly kaioshin?
"the miracle happens once... will the super combination with gohan come about?"
can we really combine just by putting on these potara things?
of course you can! and the effect is even greater than fusion!
these are the treasures we kaioshin have kept up our sleeves since long ago, you know!
l-i did not know...
there really is no helping the folks nowadays.
that's why you've gotten so weak, for a kaioshin.
kibit, did you know about this?
no.
look, just try it out! you've got them too, right?
kibit, you take off your left one. i will do my right one...
r-right.
we're going to hit each other!
l-lncredible! this is incredible power!
wh-whoa...!
goku-san, i can fight too like this! let us go to earth together!
don't get carried away!
no matter how strong you may have become, you're still nothing special, at best!
you're bound to be absorbed by boo. you stay here.
o-okay...
these certainly are awesome, old timer!
so, how long can we stay combined?
the potara don't have that sort of shortcoming! it's forever!
there's nothing to return you back to normal again!
never... return?
what a fix... staying combined with gohan that whole time...
if it were possible, then i for one would have returned...
you mean to say, old-timer, that you combined with someone using the potara?
y-yeah.
a long time ago, i used to be more handsome.
then this nasty old witch took my potara when i wasn't paying attention...
what's this, an earring?
and here you're a man! let me borrow this for a second!
this sort of thing is more suited to a pretty gal, like me.
which is how i came to be like this. and, as a result,
i'm also able to do some mysterious things, as you've seen.
well, i guess it's this or nothing.
i wonder if perhaps, once peace is restored,
i'll have to start going to gohan's school like this.
what's the matter? are you finished now?
d-dammit!
wh-what's going on?
l-i do not know. gohan-san seems to be getting considerably knocked around.
gohan-san!
it's okay! i will heal you!
you're all worn out! i'm getting tired of this.
it's just about time i finish you off.
what's that guy doing?!
gohan-san...
dende...
thank you, dende!
impossible! he's been restored to the way he used to be! who is that runt?!
the size of your ki has not changed.
it doesn't appear as if you have powered up any.
you've just slightly prolonged the time you will spend suffering!
damn...!
while i'm at it, that annoying runt as well!
oh, no!
d-dammit, i'll shoot it down!
h-how's that?! do you see now, the power of my .45?!
wh-who's there?
t-tenshinhan-san!
so, it was you, gohan. you've gotten tougher, huh?
unbelievable. i didn't recognize you.
i'm surprised at the change in majin boo, as well.
so, the annoying small fry have increased again?
nevertheless, small fry are, after all, still small fry!
kiko-ho!!
that didn't hurt in the least.
i-it's hopeless! our dimensions are too different! i won't be any help at all!
shall i get around to settling this now?
i'll destroy the whole earth, and you small fry along with it, with this!
try to avoid it, if you can!
f-forgive me, majin boo! die!!
oh, yeah! should i use these potara things after i've turned super saiyan?
no. don't do anything you don't have to.
once you've combined using the potara, you're going to be like that a long time.
that super saiyan thing is too hard on the body.
you'd probably shorten your own lives.
ah, really?
if you're going to become super saiyan, it's better to do it after you've combined.
and even if you don't do so,
the power from just the potara should just be enough.
wow, that'd be great.
that's right. you can only use the potara once, after all.
you can't do it over and over. got it?
goku-san! this is awful! majin boo is planning to finish everything off!
oh! you're right! this is bad!
hurry, goku-san!
well, bye!
everything. be gone!!
l-i'm sorry, majin boo!
f-father...? what are you doing in the lower realm?
boo's body has been torn apart...
th-they were my bullets. forgive me! i had no choice!
majin boo! forgive me...!
i'm sure i've met you before.
that's it. you're the guy that did those odd transformations.
now what? have you come, planning to help? ridiculous.
don't you understand that fundamentally,
lam on a different dimension now than i was then?
act all big now, while you can!
i'm using a little item here that gives an exceptional power-up!
what?
of all the things you might have said...!
wh-why, you...!
that guy just now also appears to be quite an expert, but with one kick,
that's how he ends up.
an exceptional power-up item, you say? what nonsense! you're exaggerating!
to be frank, no matter what you might do,
there's absolutely no way you can even damage me!
you sure hurried to put your body back together, considering that, didn't you?
you're not thinking something is going to happen, are you?
small fry! you sure seem to want to get killed! very well!
gohan! here!
pick it up! gohan! hurry!
right!
put that on your right ear! you'll combine with me, and we'll defeat boo!
wh-where is it?!
what?! combine with him? so that's it!
even if you do so, i think it'll be worthless, but just to make sure, let me intervene.
i'm going to kill you first!
t-t-time out for a second! wait, please!
that stupid lunk!
it's hopeless!
here goes!
d-dammit!
it's useless!
gohan!
find it right away!
right!
here it is!
damn!
you're not that bad.
where is it?! where is it?!
now to finish you!
n-no, dammit!
s-so that's it!
the half-pints have returned to normal from their fusion!
piccolo is coming out strongest!
you ran out of time! too bad for you!
boo, your power has dropped quite a bit!
here it is!
father!
th-this is kaioshin-sama's, right?
what was i supposed to do with it again?
h-huh?
that's a bit disappointing.
with you like this now,
gohan can beat you without going to the trouble of combining with me!
it's a good thing i took out some insurance, just in case!
insurance? what do you mean?
this part that was cut off. why do you think i haven't returned it to normal?
d-dammit, no!
th-this can't be!
y-you just can't do that, you know!
that's it! it's all over!
what will happen?
with you like this now,
this is great! i'm much more powered-up than before!
but this time, there is no time limit!
l-i can't combine with gohan now!
l-it's no use! i'll have to do it with someone else...!
t-tenshinhan is down...
m-mister satan?
at length, majin boo has also absorbed gohan!
will goku's merging companion be mister satan after all?
what will you do, goku?! can you beat majin boo?!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
here, put one of these potara on your left ear.
having obtained the potara earrings,
mysterious items used for merging with someone else,
son goku at last returned to this world.
everything...
be gonel!
l-i'm sorry, majin boo!
wh-why, you...!
gohan! here!
here it is!
d-dammit, no!
however, majin boo absorbed gohan!
this is great! i'm much more powered-up than before!
"merged!! vegeta's pride and goku's rage."
so, what will you do?!
i have taken the son gohan you wanted to merge with first!
what should i do?
damn, what should i do?
there is nobody anywhere left for you to merge with!
th-that was dirty, boo, absorbing everyone!
winning is everything, just as it must be for you.
damn you...!
well now, it's nothing to get so despondent over.
i'll put you out of your misery soon enough.
you will only suffer for a little bit!
h-hey, why is majin boo still alive?
th-this is bad. i don't have any bullets left in my pistol. i can't finish him off!
y-you don't say.
i am kind at heart, and will give you a chance to merge with someone.
you have until i count to five to decide which one of them you will merge with. got it?
one!
two!
d-dende ain't a fighting type.
even if i do merge with him, it won't mean any more power.
three!
l-it's no use!
with satan, it would be like a power of 1000 rising to a power of 1001,
and we couldn't beat him!
or worse, if i'm unlucky, i could even become weaker, couldn't i?
four!
damn! it's all or nothing!
satan!
catch...
this!
that ki...!
l-it's a huge kfl. it couldn't be...!
th-this is as far as i bring you.
i'm sorry it's a bit distant, but i'm too scared!
hmph. don't worry about it.
it will just mean my getting killed by majin boo will come a little later.
five!
l-it's vegeta!
what's the matter? have you given up on combining with someone?
in that case, die right now!!
lucky!
instantaneous movement, huh?
okay then, be careful! yeah.
vegeta!
all right! it really is you!
k-kakarrot'.!
g-goku!
hey!
wh-why are you here?!
you aren't supposed to return to this world again! this can't be possible!
v-vegeta-san!
good timing! if he combines with that man, something could just turn out!
wh-why is vegeta-san there?
everyone who goes to hell is supposed to have their souls cleansed,
have their memories taken away, and become a new life form.
this is great king yama's doing!
he might have a blank look about him, but when he does something, he really does it!
does he think he can escape me?
be it under the ground, or another planet, i will pursue you, no matter how far!
until i have squeezed the life from you!
he's gone!
h-hey, that man named goku or whatever
looked like he was planning on giving me something.
what could it have been?
l-it doesn't matter now!
never mind that, i'm going to go after them and see what happens!
wh-whoa, please, take me too! i hate to be alone!
i won't let you go!
wh-wh-what does this mean?!
what's more, the ring over your head is gone! you've come back to life!
oh, this? there's this old guy,
the grand kaioshin-sama, who exchanged his life so that i...
we'll talk later. majin boo is coming this way at ultra-speed!
ba-chan, hurry and run away to the other world!
y-you're right! good luck, the both of you!
i'll be pulling for you in the other world!
i thought you'd already been wiped out in hell!
yama-sama sure did something crafty, to leave you the way you were, didn't he?
there ain't time! vegeta, don't talk, just put this on your right ear! please!
why?
if you put this on too, then you and i can merge together!
merge?
that's right! our powers will be multiplied together,
and a warrior with absurd power will be born!
don't be ridiculous! how can i believe that?
v-veg eta!
there's another person there with a large power!
however, naturally, they're no match for me!
even if they were to combine together!
vegeta! there ain't nothing else we can do, if we're going to beat majin boo!
why should i have to unite with you?!
if i'm to become one with you, i'd rather be wiped out!
i've found you!
h-he's here!
stop it, vegeta! you're simply no match for him!
please! put this on!
i refuse! it's the same, no matter how many times you say it!
move it!
all right, come on!
you, huh? we've fought before.
no matter what, you are no match for me!
tenshinhan-san!
tenshinhan-sanm!
tenshinhan-san!
dende? thanks. where's goku?
where's majin boo?
he's gone, with his instantaneous movement.
boo then chased after him.
i see...
wh-what's this? another trick?
what's the matter? have you chickened out?
vegeta! this is insane!
majin boo is far, far more powered up than when you fought him before!
hmph! i know that he has tremendous strength!
even so, is there any way i can give up?!
so long as there is an opponent before my eyes, i will fight him!
i am the proud prince of the saiyans!
the warrior race saiyan prince!
dammit!
stop, vegeta!
ah, hell!
damn it all!
even the two of you together cannot stand up to me!
d-damn...
stop it, vegeta!
no matter how many times we try this, we're no match for him!
there really ain't anything to do but combine!
vegeta! please! put this potara on!
vegeta!
no!
vegeta-san! goku-san!
there's no other way to defeat majin boo except to quickly merge together!
what in the world are they doing?
is it that they don't get along with each other?
i suppose that under these rocks would be a good place for them to die.
please, vegeta! this ain't the time to be particular! okay?
it will be the end for everything!
you irritate me!
earlier, when you were fighting with me,
you hid the fact that you had an even higher power!
i was watching from the other world!
what is this super saiyan 3?! you were toying with me!
you really grate on my nerves!
how am i supposed to merge with someone like you?!
i'm sorry. the time i can transform into super saiyan 3 is limited.
your excuses don't matter!
it doesn't change the fact that when you fought me, you were holding back!
i have been made a fool of!
this fighting between yourselves is getting all too annoying!
if you're not going to come at me, then i'll go at you!
dammit!
all right! now!
it's hopeless! no matter what we do, we can't win!
the earth and everything else are going to be blown away!
it's the end of everything!
hmph! do i care?!
vegeta, everyone was eaten by boo! including kuririn, and chichi...
and bulma too!
piccolo too, and gohan, goten, and even trunks were absorbed by that guy!
that's what boo's sudden power-up is due to!
everyone will have died for nothing like this!
we're going to be killed here, without being able to offer any resistance!
is that okay with you, vegeta?!
kakarrot'.!
if we merge, will we really be able to win against boo?
i don't know. all that's certain is that we will become incredibly strong!
it's about time i put you out of your misery!
give it to me! quickly!
stop dawdling! hurry up!
veqeta! here!
i'm done playing with you!
dammit! it was the right ear, right?
vegeta! i'll tell you now, once we merge together,
we can never return to being two people again! got that?
wh-what was that?! dammit, tell me at the last second, will you?
this is the end!
this is okay then, right?
thank you, vegeta!
all right, then!
at last, goku and vegeta have merged!
and so, the ultimate clash of the mightiest is about to begin!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
majin boo, having absorbed gotenks and piccolo, and then gohan,
had transformed into the mightiest and most evil of majin,
with both ultra power and ultra intelligence.
d-dammit, no!
it couldn't be...!
all right! it really is you!
k-kakarrot'.!
it's about time i put you out of your misery!
give it to me! quickly!
vegeta!
this is the end!
this is okay then, right?
thank you, vegeta!
all right!
"magnificent power!! vegetto surpasses the ultimate."
this is awesome! better than i imagined!
you seem nervous, huh?
what's the matter?!
there's nothing to be particularly surprised about, is there?
kakarrot and vegeta have been united, so i guess that makes me vegetto.
i wondered what was going to happen,
but it appears as if they successfully combined together.
now then, let's continue!
so that's it? still, do you think that just by combining you two together,
that you are a match for me?
don't you toy with me!
i felt that a bit just now.
is that so? i was still trying to hold back on you.
what's the matter? you aren't about to cash it in from just that, are you?
all right... i've finally gotten warmed up.
my apologies! i'm still not used to this body!
but i'm okay now! this time, we'll get started for sure!
let's do that! if you were to have died on me like this,
i would have been greatly disappointed!
the fun is just beginning!
n-now you've done it...!
the grand kaioshin-sama was right. the power of these potara is incredible!
that's more like it.
hey, aren't we there yet?
wh-what are all these tremors?!
it's likely that it is the sound of goku-san fighting.
w-we can hear it all the way over here?
i see. you do seem stronger than you were when it was the two of you.
indeed i have gotten stronger! enough to be able to kill you!
enough of you being carried away with yourself!
i was planning on playing around with you a bit more,
but i'm not going to hold back any longer!
i'm sending you to the next world right now!
if you can do it, go ahead and try!
l-lncredible! it's incredible!
to think that he can fight toe-to-toe with majin boo after he powered up that much!
toe-to-toe, you say?
look, you, where in the world are you directing your eyes?
open up your eyes and watch closely!
boo is... the majin is being overcome!
he can win! at this pace, he can win against majin boo!
right, grand kaioshin-sama?
no! we cannot tell.
the fight's outcome, you see, is a matter of fortune.
however, see, if he doesn't win, you see,
then there's probably nobody else that can win against him, see?
we're counting on you! goku-san! vegeta-san!
n-not bad... how do you like this?
how about it? did you find him?
mm-mm. it's no use, we didn't find him.
what about you, videl-san?
it's no good. i didn't find him anywhere.
i, too, have searched all over...
i see... just where in the world has that gohan gone?
say, there's no supposin' he's gone to hell, right?
gohan-kun would be the absolute last person to do that!
she's right!
there is no way a magnificent gentleman like that could go to hell.
huh?
y-you know something, you've changed quite a bit, huh?
you were the king of the demon realm of darkness,
and babidi's right-hand man, right?
y-yes... however, here in heaven,
i have learned the importance of mind and life!
as well, thanks to everyone's encouragement,
i have been able to be born again as superbly as this.
y-you don't say...
well, that being so, chichi-san, it would indeed be ridiculous!
from what i hear, never mind earth,
the dead spirits from the whole universe are beginning to gather here in heaven.
and within those billions, those trillions...
mm-mm, even greater numbers of spirits,
it doesn't seem likely to find just one gohan-kun.
i hear that heaven here is comparable to the universe in size.
even so... even so...
i'm so sorry for you, chichi-san!
please, find it in yourself to take heart!
i, dabura, will be certain to find gohan-san.
leave that to me, if you please!
what?
is that... don't tell me...!
yes, that's right!
there's enough energy gathered in here to smash the planet to smithereens!
will you indeed be able to stop this?
if you fear for your life, you can also dodge it!
however, once it falls to the ground,
it's all over... the earth will be blown away!
without a trace, in an instant! now what will you do?!
hide yourself around here, if you would.
huh?! you don't mean...?
please, be quiet, satan-sen! we'll be detected by majin boo!
is that...?
who is that guy? he looks a little like that goku guy.
that is goku-san. so that's it!
here i thought i could feel vegeta-san's ki too!
so that's what's going on!
wh-what's going on?
satan-sen, it's just possible the earth will be saved!
r-really?
that's great!
h-hey, hey...!
you can't go off so far on your own!
you shouldn't do that, you know! be happy! the earth is...
what is he going to do with all that enormous energy?
don't tell me majin boo is going to destroy the earth!
so, then, are you prepared?
prepared? you don't get it, huh?
do you seriously think that all that bluster is going to work on me?
what did you say?!
well, fine. i'll give it a try.
whenever you like! i promise you, i won't run even one step.
you carry your boasting too far!
in that case, you and the earth together can cease to exist!
it's over!
g-goku-san!
here, i'm returning this to you!
y-ye ow!
satan-sen!
what's that smug look for?
are you proud of yourself for bouncing that back just now?
you certainly have become stronger.
however, you still cannot say you have surpassed me!
is that so? in that case, how about i show you?
what is he planning to do now?
this is super vegetto!!
at last, the ultra-warrior emerges-super vegetto!
the end of time for majin boo is approaching.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
majin boo absorbed goten, trunks, piccolo, and gohan,
obtaining intellect and power.
in order to save the earth from majin boo, goku and vegeta merged together,
becoming the ultra-warrior vegetto.
you and the earth together can cease to exist!
the battle between majin boo and vegetto reached an extreme in intensity!
offensive and defensive sides continued to switch back and forth,
and just as their two powers seemed evenly matched,
from within an aura of light appeared super vegetto!
this is super vegetto!!
"a fissure between dimensions!! has boo snapped!?"
satan-san! satan-san!
it's satan-sank shoe...
d-don't tell me he fell from here...!
satan-sen!
satan-san! satan-san!
s-satan-san?
i thought i was going to die!
thank goodness, satan-san! you're all right!
it'll take more than this to make me, the strongest martial artist in the world,
mister satan, kick the bucket!
by the way, what happened to majin boo?
wh-what?!
super vegetto, you say?
you don't seem to understand yet, huh? i have absorbed three saiyans-
the two half-pints, as well as gohan!
now that you have combined together and become a super saiyan,
what is that supposed to do for you?!
you're the one who doesn't understand.
merging via the potara is not that simple a matter.
hmph, of course, you probably wouldn't understand if i explain it to you verbally.
i'll show you.
you're right! if you can't understand something you're told,
all that's left is to make you understand by force! you miserable fool!
the likes of you...!
what about "the likes of me"?
your nose is bleeding.
it's disgraceful. hurry and wipe it off.
the more you make me angry, the more you're going to suffer and die!
have you understood that?
goku-san! vegeta-san!
hmph! didn't feel that at all. i wish you'd take this a little more seriously.
inflicting damage is done like this...
y-you're not...!
big bang...
attack!!
he did it!
take that!
satan-san...!
how was that? i bet you felt that!
that didn't hurt...
that did not hurt!
how about this? can you see me, i wonder?
nah, i can't see you. however...
wh-what?
the important thing to grasp is strength and movement of ki.
you follow me with your eyes, which is why you can't keep up with my motions.
y-you think you're so great!
he's so strong! to think that majin boo is so helpless!
i never thought the potara union could be so incredible!
what are you so carried away for, you moron?
it's only because those two did it that it's gone so far.
you've got two of the three greatest experts,
from this world and the next world combined, merged together, after all.
moreover, you've got two rivals teamed together.
that's obviously going to be what's strongest!
under the circumstances, something like that doesn't really matter, does it?
in any case, now the earth... no, the whole universe, will be saved!
how unsightly.
awesome! this is really awesome!
majin boo there is no match for him at all!
thinking ahead just in case, i requested yama-sama to leave you with your bodies,
but it seems you won't get your turns.
get our turns nothing, if our opponent is someone that goku and vegeta couldn't handle,
there's no way we could win, is there?
that is true...
hold on... if we don't get a turn... ulp !
are we going to lose our bodies and be turned into ordinary spirits?
you don't have to worry.
as with goku, you are warriors who saved earth from crises countless times.
i will ask the grand kaio-sama to allow you to train here like goku does.
thank you very much, kaio-sama!
yamucha, good news... huh?
yamucha? yamucha?!
wh-what are you doing?
this place is incredible!
there are strong guys like i've never seen before all over!
my blood, which has been inactive, is boiling hot for the first time in years!
and here, when he was alive, he had given it up completely, and hadn't even trained...
what's the matter? you've gotten awfully quiet, haven't you?
you know something, this isn't any fun at all.
i wish you would take this more seriously.
or perhaps you have been serious, and this is how it turned out.
in that case, it was rude of me to say that, and i was out of line. i apologize.
why, you...!
y-you laughed at me!
a mere man such as you...!
what's this?
how about that? i've entered inside your own body!
no matter how powered-up you may become,
i doubt there's anything you can do about this!
prepare yourself! i'm going to destroy your body from the inside!
you're the one who should be preparing yourself.
what?!
wh-why?! why can't i move like i want to?
it's only natural. i've bottled up your movements with my ki, after all.
as long as you're inside my body, you cannot move freely.
what are you going to do? you want to continue?
you are one distasteful creep!
and yet, with all those many guys you've merged with,
if that's all you've got, i'm fairly disappointed.
disappointed, you say?
in me? in me, the strongest in the universe?!
that's enough of you making a fool out of me!
make a fool out of me, will you?
me...?! me...?!
incredible power! you can manage it if you just try, can't you?
you'll pay for that!
you can't! you mustn't anger majin boo any further!
what do you mean?
there was a time when majin boo was sealed up in the room of spirit and time.
i can't stand this!!
mad with anger, majin boo used his power
to break through the wall between dimensions, and then came out.
look at this, if you would.
having forgotten himself in anger, the extreme power radiating from majin boo
is causing the space surrounding him to warp!
at this rate, the walls between dimensions will break down,
and other dimensions will rush through!
that would be awful.
make a fool out of me, will you? make a fool out of me, will you?!
this is bad! he's gotten completely fired up!
if i don't stop him, this universe will be crushed by alternate dimensions!
what the hell happened to me...?
that was close, that was close! you sure do have awesome power, huh?
in which case, use that power to come hit me!
you were going to defeat me as proof to all, right?
that you are the strongest in the universe?
why the hell is he taking so long?!
hurry up and defeat majin boo!
ultra powers clash between majin boo and vegetto.
will the one who decides this fierce battle be vegetto?
or will it be majin boo?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the ultra-power of super vegetto overwhelmed even majin boo,
who had achieved the ultimate power-up.
forgetting himself in his anger, majin boo destroyed the wall between dimensions,
attempting to crush the universe.
however, at the last moment, boo reclaimed his sanity as a result of vegetto's blow.
that was close, that was close! you sure do have awesome power, huh?
in which case, use that power to come hit me!
you were going to defeat me as proof to all, right?
that you are the strongest in the universe?
"the ace up boo's sleeve!! 'you become a hard candy'!"
wow, this is unbelievable!
to think that majin boo's attacks are of absolutely no use!
well, it's only natural, in a sense.
it's all because goku and vegeta there have merged together, after all.
it wouldn't be going like this if goku was by himself.
still, you did really well to have left vegeta with a body, huh?
it's not surprising! i foresaw that this situation could occur, so of course i left him his body!
just who do you think i am, anyhow?
i am the guardian of the world of the afterlife, great king yama!
indeed! and here i thought you were always just acting important,
and absent-mindedly stamping your seals on everything!
what's the matter? come at me!
try hitting me with that power you just displayed!
did you think i would be beaten from just that?
you're a pesky bastard.
shortly, i'm going to let your central body have that.
if you were to just be wiped clean out,
then not even you could return to normal again.
d-damn it all...!
s-shortly? why doesn't he just defeat him all at once?
if he lets him alone, he could release that power
that can even break down the walls between dimensions!
he must be playing around. hmph!
this is not a game! now! wipe out majin boo now!
unless, maybe he has thought of something...
damn it all...! damn it all! th-this...!
this wasn't supposed to be like this?
look, don't get so depressed. i'm surprised at this myself.
to think that i would be able to make this big a fool out of you!
y-you piece of crap! in that case...!
ta-daa!
(super ghost kamikaze attack').!
so that's it. this is the technique of gotenks, who you've absorbed.
you knew that, huh? then you must also know how terrifying they are.
touch them in the slightest, and they'll explode!
they sure are some creepy guys!
60!!
let me give you something good!
did you think that technique would work on me?
it's a technique thought up by a child!
you're awfully harried, aren't you?
i didn't think it would work either.
it's a technique i'm not accustomed to yet.
that was just some light warming up.
what you say is certainly true.
that was an infantile technique thought up by a child. however...
you can also use them this way.
we begin immediately!
even increasing their number, it will be the same thing.
(now, go, my ghosts'. super ghost kamikaze attack').!
to the right!
what?
kame...
it couldn't be...!
hame...
ha!!
what?
kame...
it couldn't be...!
hame...
ha!!
they can control them too, huh?
he fell for it!
(masenko').!
that's what you get for looking down on them as child's techniques, you wretched fool!
you're the one who's the fool. you should have realized it sooner!
instantaneous movement, huh?
it was a well thought-out technique, for you.
not even i could have escaped the damage of a kamehame-ha/masenko double-attack.
still, a child's technique is, after all, a child's technique.
it will not work against me.
i thought you were a bit stronger than this.
could you make me get serious about this before too much longer?
see here! finish him off right now!
are you planning on amusing yourself some more by getting boo angry?
just what might his intentions be?
damn, it looks like he's gotten too strong! that idiot!
if you get too confident of your power, things aren't going to go well!
i told you, the important thing to grasp is the movement of ki!
didn't you listen to what i said?
s-shut up!
that was dirty of you... merging yourselves together!
that's a fine thing for you to say,
when you're the one who kept merging together with all those others!
come on, come on, what's the matter?
just my legs are enough against the likes of you!
why, you...!
gohan-san!
gohan-kun'.!
hey, gohan! come on out!
gohan-kun! where are you?!
where in the world could that gohan have gone to?
please, do not lose heart, chichi-san.
i, dabura, will be certain to locate gohan-san, even if it costs me my life!
now, look here. you're already dead.
there's no way you can die any further, so there's no way it could cost you your life, right?
a-ahem...
gohan-kun could be alive after all, couldn't he?
of course, i don't want to believe that gohan-kun has died,
and i'm not saying it has to follow, but far away, i...
yes, far, far away, i can feel gohan-kun.
it's not by the ki that goku-san talks about, but i feel gohan-kun.
videl-san...
i'm sorry, i can't express it well...
sure, right? i believe you too! gohan-kun is still alive!
if you believe in your wishes... if you keep believing in them,
they will surely come true some time!
and as for me, i want gohan-kun to be alive!
bulma-san...
a young maiden in love is strong, you know!
why. l...!
is this true?
i believe as well, videl-san!
surely, surely gohan-san is alive! indeed he is!
ah, this must be what is called affection!
how beautiful it is! how marvelous it is!
you still don't seem to fully understand,
so under the circumstances, i'll explain it to you bluntly.
it is useless for you! useless to try to win against me!
how about finally giving up?
it would be useless for you to work at it any longer.
damn... to think that i would have a hard time fighting against this guy!
however, at this rate...
what are you going to do? do you plan on continuing still?
of course i do! there's no way i can lose! lam the strongest in the universe!
come and get it! i'll utterly pound you!
what's the matter? are you afraid of me?
come on, now! come here!
a little farther... a little bit farther...
you talk like you're so big! you're just a wimp who's all talk!
now, come on, come on!
hmph! you're one punk that never learns!
all right!
hey, do you like coffee candy?
what?!
g-goku-san! vegeta-san!
yahoo!! hey, hey, hey! worthless fool! take that!
that's what you get for coming near me carelessly!
you piece of crap!
l-it can't be...!
y-you imbecile! this is why i told you to wipe him out quickly, you little turd!
i just knew he was too confident in his power!
now everything has come to naught!
shall i chew you up all at once?
or should i suck on you, little by little dissolving you away instead?
wh-what is this?! vegetto has been turned into a coffee candy!
there are no longer any warriors left on earth that can defeat boo!
and so, the greatest crisis to face the earth has arrived!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
look, don't get so depressed. i'm surprised at this myself.
to think that i would be able to make this big a fool out of you!
y-you piece of crap! in that case...
(now, go, my ghosts'. super ghost kamikaze attack').!
that's what you get for looking down on them as child's techniques,
you wretched fool!
you're the one who's the fool. you should have realized it sooner!
goku and vegeta have merged, giving rise to the ultimate warrior vegetto.
with his ultra power, vegetto has beaten majin boo soundly,
until finally he had him cornered.
what are you going to do? do you plan on continuing still?
all right!
hey, do you like coffee candy?
"a hero lost!? vegetto is absorbed."
i-it can't be...!
j-j-just a minute now, kaio-sama!
you wouldn't possibly tell us to go after him, right?
i doubt there's any choice.
you guys are the only ones now that can fight against boo.
that was the reason i had yama-sama leave you your bodies in the first place.
even if that's so,
there's a whole different dimension of strength between us and majin boo.
and kaio-sama, you don't seriously think that we could possibly win, do you?
w-well, as far as that goes...
i, for one, refuse. i am not about to be eaten by majin boo again. no way!!
hey, how's it going? things should just about be settled by now, shouldn't they?
i feel so refreshed!
yamucha! where have you been during this emergency?
emergency? i'd exercised, so i went to use the showers. so refreshing!
even so, this is quite a dull place, huh? there's no one but tough guys here.
i wonder if there are any cute, bubbly girls around.
that does it. maybe leaving them with their bodies was a mistake.
i did it! i finally did it!
how pathetic, becoming a hard candy! you truly are helpless now!
well, don't get too discouraged! i'll be eating you soon enough!
little by little, little by little, i'll slowly dissolve you in my mouth,
and once you've gotten small enough, i'll crunch down and chew you up!
my fault, my fault! still, too bad for you, majin boo.
what?
this is impossible!
my appearance may have been altered, but apparently my strength hasn't changed.
how about that? my speed is the same too.
but without arms and legs, it's hard to stay in form.
okay, now what are you going to do?
your opponent is the strongest hard candy in the universe!
don't be absurd!
even if you can move, you're still nothing more than hard candy!
and as a hard candy, what can you do?!
are you sure you want to ask something like that?
besides, are you sure it's not too dangerous?
being this small, it'll be hard for you to attack me.
attack you? where is the necessity in me doing that?
i'll just catch you and drop you into my mouth! that's all there is to it!
is that so? well then, by all means, here i go!
didn't i tell you so? my strength hasn't changed!
i'm taking a breather.
what's wrong? weren't you going to catch me and eat me?
if you won't come at me, then i'll go at you!
now i'll eat you!
damn you, whizzing around like that!
my, my, that was inexcusable.
you wanted to eat me so badly, i decided i would let myself be eaten,
but instead i went right through you.
what will you do now? shall we do this some more?
return!
huh?
that's all for the hard candy, huh?
you did what you could, but in the end, it looks like it was impossible for you to eat me.
thank goodness! i thought that was going to take years off my life!
you moron!
so long as he hasn't defeated majin boo,
there won't be any exceptions to the lifespan of every living thing in the universe!
th-that's right...
how inexcusable of me!
e-enough! we all know quite well that you are strong!
so please, please, hurry and end this!
for a time there, i was wondering what would happen.
that's fine to say, now that he's returned to normal.
what were you planning to do if he were still a hard candy?
well, it could be that he took into account that this might have happened.
after all, half of him is that fighting prodigy vegeta.
still, you're lucky that vegeta, with his high pride,
would do as you say, and decide to fight majin boo, huh?
well, yeah! it goes without saying, that's one of the virtues i possess.
wh-who do you think i am? i am great king yama, you know! great king yama!
hey, yama! what the hell is the meaning of this?
oh, you're here?
i asked you what the meaning of this was!
don't shout like that. as you can see, i have returned your spirit to your body.
of course, it is forbidden for me to do such a thing to someone such as yourself,
who has piled up so many crimes,
but in an emergency situation such as this, i have little choice.
what are you planning?
wouldn't you like to fight majin boo one more time, vegeta?
what?
as you know, majin boo,
whom you tried to defeat in exchange for your own life, is still alive.
if you were to die as such, it will be no more than a dog's death.
for a warrior as high in pride as yourself, you couldn't bear dying so.
that's why i'm telling you that i'll give you another chance.
how about that? won't you try?
in order to defeat you, i'm going to make sure you can't restore yourself,
by blowing you to tiny bits!!
you said mine was a dog's death, didn't you?!
h-hey! what are you...?
hey, vegeta...
very well! i'll do it!
this time for sure, i'm going to kill that tubby bastard!
provoking him awkwardly like that was a mistake.
i wonder if kaio-sama will put up the repair costs for me.
see here, what's wrong?
don't tell me you're thinking of ending this before i've even gotten serious!
you're the strongest in the universe, aren't you?
goku-san!
th-that didn't hurt!
that doesn't appear to be the case.
what?
even for you, you've taken too much damage,
and it seems your regeneration can't keep up, huh?
now then, i've grown tired of messing around with you, and it's about time i end this.
wh-what did you say?! you're going to finish me...?
shut up and listen to me.
you can't be so stupid as to not realize the difference in our two powers
after i've made this big a fool of you.
i know!
ten! i will wait until i've counted to ten before i eliminate you.
you should pray good and hard, or whatever.
well, i'm starting to count!
one...! two.., !
three...! if you want to rush your death, you can come at me!
i'll wipe you out in an instant! without a trace!
four...! five...!
six...!
damn. how could my techniques be all but useless against him?
at this point, the only thing i can do is absorb him. but how...?
is that...?
that's it! that's what he broke off earlier!
seven...!
eight...!
so he's finally noticed it?
this was the whole reason i cut off that tail-like thing
growing out of his head, after all.
all right! he's letting his guard down...
nine...!
now then, just how well is this going to work?
ten...!
barrier!!
i did it!
no way...
i-it can't be... goku-san! vegeta-san!
how can this be?! he's been absorbed! now everything is finished!
i did it! serves you right, you stupid bastard! that's for acting so big!
but now, it's all over! you rotten piece of crap!
at length, even vegetto has been absorbed by majin boo.
there are no other warriors that can defeat him.
what in the world will become of earth, and the rest of the universe?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
goku and vegeta merged together to give rise to the ultra-warrior vegetto.
vegetto, with his overwhelming strength,
avoided majin boo's attacks, and instead finally hammered on him!
and then, vegetto finally had the majin cornered.
however, majin boo played his nastiest ace, and absorbed vegetto!
had vegetto gotten careless? or instead, was this part of his strategy?
"a demonic maze!! what ls there inside boo's belly!?"
take that! you're finished now, you piece of crap!
eliminate me, you say?
now that you've been eliminated instead, you can't cause me any more trouble!
l-it's over...
it's all over now. there is no other means of saving the universe.
in the end, even as a kaioshin, i was unable to do anything... i... i...
no, we don't know that.
don't you think it's a little strange?
strange?
here, have a close look.
up till now, every time majin boo has absorbed a warrior,
he has powered up, and his form has changed. but this time...
h-he hasn't changed!
he's the same as he was before he absorbed goku-san and company!
wh-what could this mean?
l-i'm not too sure. maybe this is different... and if so...
that guy is really something else!
that was a close one!
goku-san... vegeta-san...
h-hey, what the hell is going to happen to earth?!
there are no longer any warriors left that can fight majin boo.
all that is left is to wait around quietly for majin boo to destroy us.
that's ridiculous! you're in together with that man goku, right?
so don't you lay claim to some trick that can do something?!
i'm sorry. i am not a fighter-type, and so i wouldn't be able to...
damn!
hey! hey! hey!
he has come back!
so, i've already gone around once, huh? what a puny planet.
it's not even worth destroying like this.
never mind that, what's going on?
even though i've absorbed that guy, there has been no change at all.
why is that?
no matter. in any case, he's still been absorbed by me.
now, i have without question become peerless among all worlds... the mightiest of majin!
there is no longer anyone in existence who can stand in my way!
i can enjoy the death and suffering of any living thing to my heart's content!
looks like i was more or less successful in making my way inside here.
how annoying! how long is he going to go on laughing like a fool?
being inside him, i guess there's no helping it being so noisy.
never mind that, my barrier seems to have indeed worked well.
i've gotten away without being absorbed by him.
all right, that's probably long enough.
i have to dispel this barrier and quickly find gohan and the others.
i have no idea how the inside of boo is made up.
i'm not sure i can find them. it'd be nice if they aren't already dead.
look! he let himself be absorbed by boo on purpose,
so he could save his friends who were absorbed!
s-so that's it!
that's why, even though he could have beaten him at any time,
he provoked boo into absorbing him!
incredible! how incredible he is!
h-huh? how come the moment we dropped the barrier,
our merging broke up as well?
how am i supposed to know that?
that's strange! they said once you merge with the potara,
you'd never return again to the original two persons.
come to think of it, you did say something about that.
in that case, it's lucky that this happened.
i am not about to merge with you ever again!
h-hey! what are you doing?! don't take off your potara!
i'm sure that once we leave boo's body, we can merge again!
it's probably the awful air in here that prevents us from merging.
th-the potara...!
v-vegeta! how could you do that?!
now we ain't capable of merging again, you know!
on top of that, you're dead!
unless you're merged, you'll have to go back to the other world, right?!
hmph! i'll take that over being merged with you!
besides, there's no need to merge again, is there?
you don't know that!
even if we do rescue everyone who has been absorbed successfully,
there ain't any guarantee boo will return to the way he was.
in that case, we'd better hope that we can find our people fast,
and that everything goes right!
how can you...?
come on, hurry it up! boo may intend to blow the earth away!
i don't know about this!
hey. wait up a bit! hey!
you know, this is one nasty place.
sure it is. we're inside something living, and moreover, of all places, it's majin boo's belly.
sheesh! whereabouts are we?! i can't tell at all!
what?!
vegeta!
wh-wh-what's this?!
what's going on?
this is...
yeesh. apparently we're inside his stomach.
what's this smoke?
y-you idiot! that's his stomach acid!
if you're not quick, you'll be dissolved without a trace!
what's that?
that bastard! he's planning on digesting us!
w-we' re surrounded!
th-this is bad! if this keeps up...
stop! vegeta!
yow!
wh-what was that just now? have i eaten something bad?
i know! this is because i absorbed that strange guy!
it must be causing indigestion!
hey, vegeta, you sure are reckless!
what do you plan on doing if majin boo finds us out?
after all the trouble it took to sneak in here!
hmph! what do i care? i saved us from being dissolved.
i'd rather you were grateful to me for that.
more importantly, you stay sharp, kakarrot!
if we don't find gohan and the others soon,
we won't be able to save the earth that we otherwise might have been able to.
i know!
boy, doesn't this guy eat anything but candy?
everywhere you look, there are snacks!
eating nothing but sweet things is bad for the body, and makes you fat.
stop saying such rubbish!
after shrugging off the pounding we gave him,
it'd be a big laugh if he were to die from eating too much candy!
that's for sure!
what's wrong?
shence!
what's that sound?
above us?
what?!
what are these disgusting things?
that thing tried to dissolve me!
they've got incredible appetites!
apparently, these things break down what majin boo eats,
and supply him with nourishment.
s-say, vegeta, could it be that these things are about to eat us?
if that's the case, let's show them that we're not all that appetizing.
y-you don't mean...?
here they come!
geez, these things are stubborn!
hey, vegeta, if you make that big a commotion, majin b...
why, you rotten scum...!
kakarrot'.!
what's that?!
what?
what is that monster?!
what the hell are you doing, kakarrot?! tear those lower life forms off of you!
i know! but my body is...!
suddenly, goku finds himself in a great pinch with the giant monster that has appeared!
will he be able to weather this pinch, and rescue gohan and the others?
there is barely any time remaining before majin boo destroys the earth!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
in order to rescue gohan and the others, who had been absorbed,
goku and vegeta have slipped inside the body of majin boo.
however, there was plenty lying in wait for the two of them...
one after another, the two were assaulted by many traps.
will they indeed be able to safely find gohan and the others?
what the hell are you doing, kakarrot?! tear those lower life forms off of you!
i know! but my body is...!
kakarrot'.!
"nightmares or lllusionsl? goku and gohan's father-son confrontation."
kakarrot'.!
my stomach hurts!
of all the... you're such an idiot!
and you told me not to make such a commotion!
he's sure to have found us out from that!
m-maybe so. and i was even trying to hold back quite a bit, at that!
big brother!
big brother! big brother! big brother!
poppa! it's big brother!
p-poppa? i've got an awfully bad feeling about this!
k-kakarrot! despite how i may seem, i cannot stand squirmy things!
sure enough, here he comes!
i think i'm gonna vomit!
poppa! those guys were bullying us!
hey, kakarrot! we've already been found out from what happened earlier!
no need to worry about that any more, right?
well, i don't know... h-hey, vegeta!
wh-what?!
poppa, hurry up and put those guys away!
yeah, yeah!
what did you do that for, poppa?
you've done something naughty again, haven't you?!
how many times do i have to tell you before you understand?
i told you, you can't go straying off so far from the herd!
you really don't listen to a thing your poppa says!
um, has this boy committed any misdeeds?
misdeeds?
l-if that face moves any closer, i'll kill him...!
you see, this boy has the bad habit of taking off after anything he sees moving.
i am not about to be attacked because of someone's habit! for the love of...
ah, that's right! say...
there are these people that are dressed like we are.
they would have looked a bit less handsome than me.
i wonder, have you seen anyone like that?
i know who you mean!
there was one who was green, too!
piccolo, huh?
say, where are those guys now?
y-you turn into a toilet!
all right...
wh-what's this? what's boo making a toilet for all of a sudden?
maybe he's upset his stomach or something.
is that so?! all right, then...!
j-j-just a minute!
this is our chance! right now, even i might be able to beat him!
th-that's crazy! you can't!
let's not do this! it's obviously not sensible!
no! today, for sure, i, the strongest man in history, mister satan, will...
pee-yew!
th-that was a fart every bit worthy of the name "boo"...
the green person went up above here.
yeah. the people i saw went up above here too.
up?
it's boo's toilet-time!
why is that?! this is earlier than he usually is!
hey! tell us more! where do you mean by "above here"?
i'm sure i heard him say it's toilet-time, right?
yeah! which, you don't suppose means that we...
aw, crap!
is what we're going to become?!
hey. vegeta!
hey!
still, to think that while i was sealed up by bibidi's spell,
so many guys as strong as them would appear on earth...
however, now they have all become my power! my muscle! my blood!
looks like we've finally come to the inside of boo's head.
this is the only place left.
gohan and the others must be inside here somewhere.
kakarrot, which way do you think?
let's see...
the left way, i guess!
is that so? in that case, i'm going right.
hey, you can't just do that!
when i'm together with you, nothing good happens.
fine, suit yourself!
who's that?! who's over there?!
gohan!
you guys! are you okay?
come on, we're breaking out of here, quick! hurry!
what?
they've done it! everyone is safe! now, quickly, outside of boo you go!
don't you think it's strange?
why do you suppose those little squirts have undergone fusion?
gohan! i've been looking for you!
wh-what are you doing, gohan?!
why, you... you're not gotenks at all, are you?!
now that i know that... i'll show you no mercy!
it's the whole lot of you! mess around with me, huh?
h-how come?!
what are gohan-san and the rest doing to goku-san and vegeta-san?
is that it?
that is indeed boo's brain.
the gohan and gotenks and such that are in there are not the real items.
they're memories! those are gohan and the others from among boo's memories!
from among boo's memories?
i figured it out right away that you ain't the real gohan!
just by looking in your eyes!
though it seems you have the same power as the real thing.
you really have gotten stronger!
wh-where am i?!
r-rotten boo! you will face me! come on!
ah, i'm so hungry. before i extinguish this planet,
i first need to fill my stomach!
that boo!
have you once again grown afraid of me, mister satan, and run away?
come, let us follow after him.
y-you can't mean it!
wh-wh-why?! after he so graciously went away?
if the earth is destroyed, then it will be the same no matter where we are!
we have to do something to him!
wh-wh-what do you mean, do something?
boo has gone off looking for something to eat.
while he's eating, i'm sure we can create an opening! that's where...
that's where i go "whammo," huh? and then "kaboom" and "bam!"
b-but, can i do that? i can't betray his expectations...
what will you do, mister satan?
come.
we're going already? we don't have to go so soon...
th-this can't be...!
fighting against these two opponents is truly hard!
and at a critical time like this, kakarrot is not around!
they gave me a lot of trouble!
wh-what's this?
ka... me... ha... me... hal!
kakarrot'.!
we meet again, vegeta!
it's the smell of cake!
sheesh, these guys don't quit!
no matter how many times we beat them, they just keep getting right back up!
yeah... on top of that, they ain't taking a bit of damage!
th-this is bad!
shortcake! chou la creme over here! there's chocolate cake too!
wh-what?!
wh-wh-what does this mean?!
lucky! the instant he looked upon that cake,
his head became filled with thoughts of cake!
now's your chance, both of you!
where have gohan and the others gone?
have they been done in after all?
hey, kakarrot!
this way! they're here!
it's piccolo.
great! he ain't dead!
hey, vegeta, over there!
gohan! trunks! goten! everyone's here!
finally, with great trouble,
goku and vegeta have discovered goten and the others.
rescue gohan and the others as soon as you can, and defeat majin boo!
before the earth is destroyed!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
having infiltrated their way inside majin boo's body,
goku and vegeta returned to their original forms,
and began searching for gohan and the others.
fighting against these two opponents is truly hard!
and at a critical time like this, kakarrot is not around!
even as they were baffled
by the sudden appearance of false versions of gohan and company,
they finally found the real ones!
hey, kakarrot!
this way! they're here!
"a majin's secret!! two more boos inside of boo."
the pipsqueaks' union has been separated,
like ours was, so there's two of them.
no, they separated because their fusion had lasted for thirty minutes.
when gotenks was absorbed, boo certainly displayed the traits of fusion.
which means performing fusion is okay, even in here.
just how many times does he have to go around this city before he's satisfied?
this makes the 25th cake store he's been to.
now then, my belly is full...
now where does he plan on going?
wh-what are you doing? we're going to lose sight of him!
please, allow me to rest for a little bit.
you can't trust anyone that can fly through the air!
in recognition of my becoming invincible, i'll eradicate this planet!
what in the world is going on inside here?
you're in the way. move!
we're going to tear them out from there!
wh-what's this?!
come on...!
wh-what?
what the hell does this mean? i-it can't be...!
yahoo! boo is returning to the way he was! all right!
way to go! way to go! way to go! way to go!
way to...!
he's gone back! he's gone back! they did it! they did it!
way u; go'. way to go'.!
boo's power must have dropped considerably after that.
just a little bit farther now.
there, see? the size of his ki is completely different than it was before.
all right. now we blow this place away and get out.
yeah.
b-but hold on a second. no matter how much boo may have returned to normal,
even at that, he still has more strength than we can stand up to.
if we go outside like this, we'll be beaten for sure!
in that case, what else would you have us do? huh?
this is because you're the one who broke your potara!
in that case, you can live out your life inside boo's head.
i'm not about to.
even so, there's still one method by which we can win!
no way.
i still ain't said a thing!
you want to suggest fusion, right? i know about it... what it is.
you already know?
i saw it from the other world. you've got to be joking!
how could i go through an inelegant pose like that?!
l-is it all that inelegant? i don't think it's so bad...
and besides, i told you already that i'm not about to merge with you again!
hey! what does this mean?!
majin boo...
it's the one from the very beginning.
inside of boo, there's yet another boo, huh?
does this mean he was absorbed too? by himself?
huh?
huh? huh? what's this? suddenly, the inside of boo isn't being displayed!
th-that can't be! it was just getting to something important!
hey, should we try tearing him out too?
that skinny majin boo was born of this majin boo,
then he turned this fat one into choco and ate him.
i'll turn you into choco!
then maybe everyone else who was turned into choco and eaten
could be around somewhere, huh?
they aren't! he's the only one to get special treatment.
here i thought things were strange, and sure enough, it's your doing...
what's going on?!
wh-why is majin boo showing up inside himself?!
i don't know how this happened, but it seems you weren't absorbed!
how dare you remove the others i took so much trouble to absorb?!
damn, th-this could be bad!
this is why i told you to keep the potara on, you know!
once we're outside, if we could only merge, this guy would be easy to beat!
is that so? you guys cannot merge any more, then?
you idiot! if you'd kept quiet, he wouldn't have known that!
you don't say. you don't say, then!
all right, if you're coming, then come on!
i'll open up a giant hole here inside your body!
what are you laughing about? you don't think i can open one?
it's impossible!
don't you belittle me.
th-that's ridiculous!
th-there's no effect?
all i felt was a little twinge in this area here.
have you forgotten? right now, you're much, much smaller than even fleas!
in other words, after we defeat you, we'll have to find ourselves an exit?
that will be impossible as well, for you two as you are now.
shall we put it to the test?
of course we will!
we've completely lost sight of majin boo!
no, we've gotten quite close to him. i'm sure he should be around here.
h-how can you tell that?
from his ki. i can feel majin boo's ki nearby.
vvh-what? what was that? majin boo's " '"...? [kiz tree]
tree!!
he's here!
s-see? on top of that rock!
what's the matter? he's not moving.
h-his form has gone back to how it was before! wh-what in the world?
wh-what exactly could be going on?
i don't know either! i'm getting annoyed!
annoyed, annoyed, annoyed, annoyed!
don't you look down on us!
what?!
y-you rock-head...!
that was a moronic attack, but it looks like it had quite an effect.
no way it could have!
let's go, vegeta!
don't you give me orders!
how long are you going to stick on me?! hurry up and get away from me!
take care of the fragments from majin boo!
r-right!
that bastard... if i'd known this, i'd have rather merged with him!
yo, vegeta! are you done there, too?
stay back, kakarrot!
what?!
have you forgotten what place this is?
where are you, boo?!
bastard!
this is the inside of my body!
inside here, i am immortal!
don't you understand?!
why, you...!
blow me to pieces, and i still won't die! the reason being, i am boo!
s-shut up!
shut up! shut up! shut up!!
shut upl!
vegeta, take it easy! don't fall for boo's taunting!
huh? are you trying to kill your friends who you worked so hard to rescue?
that was dirty, boo!
where's boo?
like i told you! it's impossible for you to beat me!
i'm getting tired of this. i'm done playing!
this is a desperate pinch!
even though they have managed to rescue gohan and the others,
can it be impossible for them to escape from before the immortal boo?
vegetal!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
inside of boo, there's yet another boo, huh?
does this mean he was absorbed too? by himself?
having intentionally infiltrated the inside of boo's body,
goku and vegeta had at last discovered gohan and the others.
inside here, i am immortal!
suddenly, boo appeared within his own body!
faced with his invulnerable attacks,
goku and vegeta found themselves in a desperate pinch!
vegetal!
"where ls the exitl? escape from a collapsing boo."
i'm going to absorb you!
vegeta!
do not interfere!
i'm going to absorb you first!
dammit...!
behind you!
great, great, do that some more!
all i have to do is wait, after all.
wait for you to use up your power on worthless attacks like that.
why, you...!
what's the matter?
all that's left for you is to be absorbed, once you stop moving!
i want to see inside! i want to see! i want to see!! i want to see!!
what in the world is going on inside boo's body?
it's useless for you to hide!
indeed, you really are something else.
typically, you should have already used up your power a long time ago.
l-i still have enough power left to kill you!
what are you aiming at?!
apparently, that wasn't enough power to kill me, huh?
you're the one who's going to die!
i'm not so sure about that.
it's not the only thing that might happen.
what would happen if i rip this guy out?
i wonder if it might be somewhat advantageous to us.
i can't wait to see! will you turn back into this fatso?
will you instead turn back into that skinny guy?
d-don't! stop!
either way, it would seem unmistakable that your power would drop from where it is now.
stop! don't touch that! take your hands off!
it seemed odd that you would protect this fatso,
so i thought there might be something to him, and saw about forcing you into giving it up!
take your hands off of him!
this upsets you more than i thought! you appear to be considerably bothered!
p-please! you must not rip that guy out by force! i won't be me any more!
i won't be me any more?
that sounds interesting! did you think i would listen to what you say?!
don't let your guard down, vegeta.
he might appear again from somewhere else.
look at that, kakarrot. this time, it looks like it's different.
h-hey... there's something strange going on with boo.
yes. what could be the matter?
what are you doing, kakarrot?!
now, while we can, let's take everyone and get outside!
y-yeah.
wh-which way are we supposed to go?!
how do i know?
hey, for some reason, that area there is starting to wriggle around!
he must be transforming again! either into the fatso or the skinny guy!
f-for some reason, it's getting incredibly hot!
wh-what's this?
the temperature of boo's cells is increasing sharply!
a-at this rate, both of us will be boiled octopuses!
kakarrot'.!
are you okay?!
damn it all! ain't there an exit anywhere?
that was incredibly hot! not even magma is like that!
if we had been touched by that, not even our bones would be left!
vegeta, look!
it's a little bit bright over there. ain't that light from outside?
all right!
we did it! that is outside!
ah! it's closing!
hurry!
stop kidding around!
dammit! open up again!
come on! hurry and open!
what, what? is that stuff from before coming again?
what was that, anyway?
i know, vegeta!
you see? the very first boo, right?
when he got angry, that steam came "pweet" whistling out of the top of his head, right?
that's what that stuff from before was!
which means...
in any case, move back until you're right against the wall.
it's here!
still not yet?
it's opening!
we made it!
they've come out!
the rescue was a success! they've done it, grand kaioshin-sama!
we did it! everyone is back to normal!
l-lncredible!
goku-san and company have rescued everyone
that was absorbed by boo from inside his body!
hide these guys for the time being! boo hasn't noticed yet!
yeah.
it couldn't be...!
hey. vegetam!
it couldn't be that his ki is growing, could it?
i-impossible!
what's this?
what is it?
l-it's...!
h-hey... he's turning into something awfully tough, ain't he?
no... hold on!
look! he's intent on transforming again!
i wish he'd cut that out already.
th-this can't be...!
h-he's turning back...!
turning back, you say?
h-huh...?
don't scare us like that!
l-it's true, all right...
what do you mean, he's turned back?!
come on! explain this all to me, would you?!
at last, goku and vegeta had safely escaped from inside boo's body,
together with gohan and the others.
however, at the same time, majin boo transformed once again.
look! he's shrunk down quite a bit!
we did it, huh vegeta? we may be able to manage something like this!
and yet, there's something unusual about the way kaioshin is terrified!
stay sharp, goku, vegeta!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
what would happen if i rip this guy out?
p-please! you must not rip that guy out by force! i won't be me any more!
that sounds interesting! did you think i would listen to what you say?!
come on!
at last, goku and vegeta, together with gohan and the others,
escaped from the inside of majin boo's body.
however, boo once again began to transform.
he's intent on transforming again!
i wish he'd cut that out already.
h-he's turning back...!
we did it, huh vegeta? we may be able to manage something like this!
stay sharp, goku and vegeta! that's no ordinary way that kaioshin is terrified!
"earth disappears!! boo's reverse-transformation of evil."
is that boo? he's just a child now, isn't he?
all right! this will work! i'll settle things this time for sure!
no, you won't!
that's not the way it is.
i'm having a chill run through the very core of my body...
apparently, boo has turned back into a kid.
in any case, let's carry gohan and the others to someplace where it's safe.
snap out of it!
hey, snap out of it, gohan!
vegeta, it's all right! everyone's still alive!
turned back, you say?
what do you mean by that? tell me!
l-it's like this...
at the time, earthlings were first beginning to walk on two legs.
in the kaioshin realm, under a kind and gentle grand kaioshin-sama,
there lived the kaioshin of the north...
the kaioshin of the west...
the kaioshin of the south...
come on, give that back!
come and get it!
as well as myself, the kaioshin of the east.
that is, until madoshi bibidi created the terrible majin boo.
get them! give it to them!
kill them all!
that was quite over-the-top of you, again. incredible, boo!
papparapa!!
you idiot! a little closer and you would have done me in as well, you know!
so then, onto the next planet...
at first, two of the kaioshin were killed.
in order to oppose boo, kaoishin of the west and kaioshin of the north acted...
i'm sick of listening to the kaioshin! they can't stand up to us, can they?
where does he think he's going this time?
good grief, he doesn't listen to a single order i give him!
k-kaioshin of the west! k-kaioshin of the north, too!
and then, kaioshin of the south, who was the most hardy and strong of us,
was absorbed by boo...
and that's how he became that huge majin boo from earlier, then?
yes.
i was the youngest, and most powerless, but somehow i was spared, and was only badly hurt.
that was thanks to the grand kaioshin-sama...
g-grand kaioshin-sama!
g-grand kaioshin-sama!
the next one to be absorbed was the chubby,
yet kind and gentle grand kaioshin-sama.
h-hey, boo! are you really boo?
hey, i've been playing a lot, and now my tummy's empty.
gimme something to eat.
l-i'm sure there was some cake back at home.
cake? is that yummy?
y-yeah!
it's quite yummy! cake is the most delicious food in the universe!
it's really that yummy?
i'll let you eat cake every day from now on.
in exchange, you have to obey everything i tell you to do. okay?
yep!
the majin boo that bibidi created was the very essence of evil.
it was a failed creation, that not even bibidi himself could handle,
but by absorbing the grand kaioshin-sama,
he became somehow or other able to control him.
so then he finally became complete. which then would mean...
that little majin boo now is the very first, most difficult one, then?
yes. his heart, which through absorption had allowed his power to even be reduced,
has returned back to its original form.
to an existence without any self-control, of evil itself.
boo is on the move!
wh-what is that?!
his screaming is impossibly loud!
what is he...?!
th-that was close! that bastard!
he tried to blow the earth away all of a sudden! thank you, vegeta!
he's got to be joking! was he trying to blow himself away too?!
no. even if he were blown to bits, he'd soon return to normal again.
hey, boo! if you're going to blow up this planet, that's up to you,
but how about you do it after you've fought us?!
that's more like it.
wh-what's this?!
l-it's huge! he's kidding, right? is he planning to launch that?
we can't repel something like that!
h-hey... ~...
go hand over your potara to them!
r-right! o-okay!
s-stop, boo!
please! the earth will be...!
you were going to fight us, right?
h-have to save everyone...!
vegeta! this way! i'll do instantaneous movement with everyone!
all right!
grab on!
it's no use! there ain't enough time!
it's hopeless! i can't do instantaneous movement in such a brief amount of time!
h-here!
h-hey!
so you see, he wanted to get a better grade, but it dropped!
really?!
thank goodness! you made it!
we may have made it, but the earth, and gohan and the others...
wh-where am i? h-heaven?
hey!! kakarrot!!
why the hell did you save these guys and that dog before trunks and the others?!
i am sorry.
in the end, goku was unable to save the earth, or gohan and the others.
however, there's no time to be despondent! boo is not yet dead!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
having slipped inside boo's body,
goku and vegeta have escaped with gohan, piccolo, and the others.
however, majin boo then transformed into a boo with no self-control, the essence of evil!
it's hopeless! i can't do instantaneous movement in such a brief amount of time!
it was at that time when kaioshin
instantaneously moved from the kaioshin realm and saved goku and the others.
however, the earth was in the end destroyed, as were piccolo, goten, and trunks.
"bee's assault!! a conclusion in the kaioshin realm."
th-the earth...!
it's been wiped out.
it's been blown to bits.
then, what about piccolo, and gohan and the others?
unfortunately, they went together with the earth.
th-the earth has been wiped out?
what sort of nonsense are you talking about?
it's right here, isn't it? right here!
you're just a geezer who says funny things.
h-how can you say that?! be quiet!
those gentlemen are kaioshin-sama! probably.
kaioshin-sama? what's that?
in short... now listen, above kami-sama, there are kaio-sama,
and above that, there is the grand kaio-sama.
above even that, at the very top stand those two, the kaioshin-sama.
and this is not earth, but probably the holy land of the kaioshin realm!
you're taking this joke too far!
if those geezers are so awesome, then why don't they do something about boo?
w-well, they...
he sure gets you where it hurts, huh?
and i thought it was suspicious
that someone like you would be kami-sama in the first place.
so that's it!
i finally figured it out!
it's a dream!
this is a dream!
that's it! a dream!
ah, i get it! here i thought that things were weird!
after all, there's no way that anyone stronger than i, the world champion,
could exist in this world, is there?
there really is no majin boo,
and these guys are just strange characters in my dream!
that would be consistent!
i thought that things starting with the tenkaichi tournament
were weird right from the beginning!
u-um...
that's right! if this is a dream, i think i'll try to fly through the air, too!
u-um...!
listen well, majin boo!
this may be a dream, but how dare you kill my cute daughter videl,
and blow the earth away!
i, mister satan, will fly into space, and put you down!
i'm going to fly!
th-that hurt!!
it hurt! it's a dream, yet it still hurt! it hurt!
he's quite an amusing fellow, huh?
kakarrot'.!
you let piccolo and gohan and the others, who we worked so hard to rescue,
die instead of that big idiot!
there's no bringing them back!
our last hope, the dragon balls, were wiped out along with earth, after all!
look at this!
after being blown to pieces, majin boo is returning to normal!
dammit!
it's him, all right!
if any fragment of majin boo remains, then no matter where he is, he will recover.
where did he go?!
it looks like boo instantaneously moved to another planet.
this is terrible!
he immediately grasped onto kibit's instantaneous movement technique.
what the hell is he...?
he's searching for you guys.
he's seeking out any strong ki he can find in the vastness of space.
and because of us, he deliberately continues that meaningless destruction?
that's the kind of guy boo is.
again, many lives throughout the entire universe are being lost.
and even if we are able to defeat boo, we can't return earth,
or those other planets, back the way they were.
th-that's it!
there still are some dragon balls!
there are, aren't there? if we go to my home planet of namek,
i'm sure the new elder-same will still have the dragon balls made!
they can be returned! the earth, and the other planets!
and all those many people who were killed by boo, too!
th-that's it! no, hold on!
dende, planet namek is pretty far away, huh?
the ki from planet namek ain't all that large,
so it would be kind of impossible to get there with my instantaneous movement.
there are no spaceships anymore, either...
i-i see...
damn! uh...
i don't know the slightest about what these dragon ball things are,
but i can instantaneously move from this kaioshin realm
to all the planets in the lower realm!
you just saw it a moment ago, right? this is kibit's forte technique.
great! that does it!
in that case, once we defeat boo, things will work out fine!
h-hold on!
you must not use those dragon balls!
they invite confusion into the natural order!
they are only permitted to the somber namekians, and possess,
as it were, capability that runs afoul!
long ago, they were advised to only use them on planet namek!
in fact, the old namekians would absolutely not use them on matters of other planets!
don't be so rigid, old timer!
you know what? if things go well,
i'll take some steamy, dirty photos of a woman i know,
and give you the unedited prints!
d-dirty photos?
there, see? you want them, right?
she's not all that young, but she still has her bounce!
but this woman has been killed, right?
that's why we should bring her back to life with the dragon balls, shouldn't we?
hey, kakarrot!
yes?
this woman... don't tell me you're talking about bulma, are you?
s-so it is, huh?!
why, you! use other people's wives as you like, will you?!
you can give him those of your own wife-photos of chichi's chi-chis!
n-no... she ain't got any more bounce left, and i'd get killed!
j-just a moment!
boo is about to move again! he is seeking out goku-san and vegeta-san's kfl.
bravo!
yamucha! let's go!
come on, kuririn!
it'$___!
m-majin boo!
wh-who is he?
has he come to train?
what's the matter, kaio of the north?
it's majin boo!
so, he's finally come here, huh?
boo has at length gotten to the grand kaio's world.
if he's coming, let him come!
hey, give your potara over to goku and vegeta.
if they unite once again, they will beat that guy easily, right?
r-right!
here, goku-san, vegeta-san.
please use these potara and defeat majin boo for sure this time!
no, we won't need these.
i'm giving it back.
after all, these, you see, just ain't suited for us.
i appreciate the offer, but i want to fight by myself.
g-goku-san!
i'm sorry, asking to be selfish at a critical time like this,
but after all, he ain't merged any more either.
y-you idiot! what are you saying, at a time like this?!
y-you guys aren't in a sport-fighting match with boo here!
th-that's right, go ku-san!
well said, kakarrot! i don't need this any more either!
that's the very essence of the warrior saiyan people!
c-can you beat boo like that?
he has gone back to the original, most difficult, powerful majin boo!
it's okay. we'll manage something! i'm sure of it!
that bastard! how could he?!
damn it all! i wish he would hurry and go somewhere else!
i'll be turned into chocolate again...
s-stop! stop!
what are you so worked up over?
new arrival, huh? if you've come to train, i'll be your partner.
the training here is pretty tough!
if you're going to give up, now's the time.
you don't have a ring over your head.
if you get him angry, it will be terrible!
why are you keeping quiet?
how about saying something?
it's too late!
dammit! p-pull a ridiculous stunt like that, will you?!
all right! i'll pound into you just how tough the training is!
got him!
who is that guy?!
wh-what?! has he not come here for training?!
damn! shall i test out the results of my training here?
kienzanu.!
i got him!
kuririn! hurry!
get out of there!
awesome!
kuririn, are you okay? yeah...
he's not the kind of opponent we can stand up to in the first place.
see here! what are you planning to do? stop that! stop that!
boo is planning to destroy the grand kaio's world too!
th-that's bad! kuririn and yamucha have already died once!
if they die again, then this time, they'll be completely eliminated!
all right! instantaneous movement!
wait, kakarrot!
let's call him here!
it won't be so easy, in this holy kaioshin realm, for everything to be destroyed!
we can fight as much as we want!
but how do we do that?
we're the ones he's after! we'll raise our ki and let him know that we are here!
th-that's it! all right!
no matter how much we do it, it's no use!
damn! i'll turn into chocolate, or a biscuit, or anything you want, just stop!
s-stopl!
it's all over!
you've had it!
l-it vanished...!
boo!
it hurts! it hurts!
at last, majin boo has come to the holy kaioshin realm.
having tossed the potara aside,
will goku and vegeta be able to defeat boo without merging together?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
majin boo, while searching for goku and the others,
who had escaped to the holy region of the kaioshin realm,
was wandering through space, and finally arrived at the grand kaio's world.
boo is planning to destroy the grand kaio's world too!
we're the ones he's after!
we'll raise our kiand let him know that we are here!
th-that's it! all right!
you've had it!
at length, majin boo appeared in the holy region of the kaioshin realm!
a battle with the entire universe on the line now begins!
"seize the future!! a decisive battle with the universe at stake."
hmph. on this planet, we can fight as hard as we want!
kaioshin-sama, please, i want you to take everyone and move to some other planet.
it appears that this ain't going to be finished with half-hearted fighting.
i don't want to be any trouble to anyone else.
r-right, understood!
what are we going to do with you?! okay, fine.
this kaioshin realm won't be destroyed over anything reasonable, after all.
goku, vegeta, you fight him as hard as you can!
thank you, old timer.
good luck, goku-san, vegeta-san!
now then, are you ready? please touch part of my body.
like this? okay, here we go!
where are we? one of the planets in the lower realm.
here, even if the kaioshin realm is destroyed, we should not be affected.
sure is overrun by grass. well, i guess it's better than having nothing but rocks.
let's see...
those saiyans sure are troublesome.
they tossed away those precious potara, and judging from their manner,
they don't appear to be of any mind to merge with fusion, either.
w-will they be able to win against majin boo like that?
well, if the two of them put their powers together...
all right! how about we try smacking him one,
to see if we can do anything about this?
yeah.
who's going to go first?
all right...
let's decide! all right!
rock, scissors, paper! tie, go again!
again! again! again!
i did it! i won!
they're planning to fight one at a time!
l-lmbeciles! can't you fight together?! your opponent is majin boo!
kakarrot! i'm going to have a good hard look at the way you fight!
okay! your turn might just disappear, though!
i can say this now, but the truth is,
i could have beaten that chubby boo back when i was at super saiyan 3.
but i wanted those young guys to do something about him instead.
for the sake of what would happen on earth afterward.
vegeta, that jerk, he's not listening!
here goes, boo!
he's being considerably tranquil this time.
he's sleeping!
damn it, because of that despicable guy, both the earth and my friends were wiped out.
i won't let him get away with it!
h-he's a strange one.
now i've done it!
i forgot to bring that human named satan from the kaioshin realm!
doesn't matter. leave him be.
what's this? what's going on?
oh, it's you, is it?
you know what? where did everyone else go?
l-it's him! and goku, too!
where in the world are they?
it's the kaioshin realm.
the holy region of the kaioshin realm,
where even us kaio find it difficult to go.
now boo has moved there, instantaneously.
the reason he went there without destroying this planet first...
was because he wanted to find goku and them as soon as he could!
is that it? so thanks to goku and the others, we were spared.
kaio of the north, what are you babbling about?
what in the world is the matter?
you too can spy on things far away, right?
if you look, you'll soon understand.
let's see...
the holy region of the kaioshin realm.
it's the guy from before!
impudent bastard!
you bastard... do you even feel like going at it?
he's won, he's won! our blond big brother has won!
did he get him?
awesome, goku! that was right off the bat, you know!
all right...!
has goku-san won?
no. it will take more than just that for boo to be defeated.
sure enough...
that bastard!
i-is this dream still going on?! this is one powerful dream!
damn! hang in there, blond big brother!
don't you lose! it's a dream, but you must not lose!
i'm astounded... i'm astounded! what a fight!
o-one of them is that son goku fellow,
who came here quite a while ago to train, right?
right. the same one who competed for victory against paikuhan in the anoyoichi tournament.
since then, he's become far and away the strongest.
and the other one?
that's majin boo. you've heard about him, right?
long ago, he ran roughshod over the universe,
and gave four of the kaioshin-sama such a hard time.
that's majin boo, the one who madoshi bibidi created?
the legendary essence of evil, most wicked in all of history?
that's the guy who earlier came and attacked here?
paikuhan, thank goodness you weren't killed!
you bastard... mess with me, will you?
i-is this the power those two have?! this is a whole different league!
grand kaioshin-sama, what are you doing?
what is he thinking? ain't no way i'm just going to silently look on!
what?
what is this?! what's wrong?!
is this the end of the world and the other world?!
l-it's all over!
not even goku-san is a match for him!
boo will wreak havoc on the entire universe!
look, don't worry.
it looks a little like goku is considering something.
he's measuring boo's power. that's the sort of fighting he was doing.
it's the end of this world! it's the end of the other world!
it's the end of mister satan!
majin boo, you are one dense guy,
but your power, speed, and powers of recovery are all incredible!
you're on a whole different level from all the boos up to now!
you're ridiculously strong!
there, look! goku is finally getting serious!
hmph, so kakarrot has finally decided to get down to it?
so then, the fight starts now!
finally, goku becomes super saiyan 3.
the climax of the fight, with the entire universe at stake, is about to begin!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
at last! the fight between goku and majin boo, with the entire universe at stake, has begun!
majin boo, you are one dense guy,
but your power, speed, and powers of recovery are all incredible!
you're on a whole different level from all the boos up to now!
you're ridiculously strong!
finally, goku has become super saiyan 3!
will it be majin boo that wins? or will it be son goku?
"vegeta takes off his hat!! goku, you are no. 1."
damn you, majin boo!
hang in there, blond big brother!
don't be in such a hurry. the fight is just getting started.
th-this is a fierce fight, huh? e-even more than fierce...!
hang in there, goku!
wh-what an awesome fight oni!
if i missed this, i'd regret it the rest of my life onfl.
that blond guy looks like that guy who fell from the serpentine road before oni.
you're right oni! as i remember, he was named son goku oni!
i hate him! shatter my cherished dream of ruling the universe, will you?
lose! get yourself beaten!
you know, this is surprising.
to think that there is someone who could put on so much more incredible a fight than i!
who is the other one om?
i've never seen him oni.
he was, you see, my subordinate, majin boo!
ahem... boo adored me like i was his older brother,
and anywhere i went, he came with me.
i gave him his first lessons for those techniques he's fighting with now.
however, he's kind of slow on the uptake, and i couldn't do much with him, really.
babidi-san, you're some incredible guy, huh oni?
well... you might say so.
and, if you see boo the way i do, he's still just a child.
damn! boo, make a fool of me, will you? lose! lose! get beaten to a pulp!
goku, hang in there! hang in there!
the kaioshin realm is being destroyed!
hey, it will still be fine after just this! hang in there, goku!
get him! get him some more! go! that's it! give it to him!
there, there, don't worry.
even if we are in the middle of a dream, i'll be sure to protect you!
i am the hero of earth, mister satan!
wh-where are you, boo?
hold on...!
watch out!
where the hell is he going to come out from?
where are you?
so, it was there, huh?
dammit! not even at super saiyan 3 can i keep up with his movements!
he's able to read every movement i'm going to make!
that miserable majin boo! he has terrifying strength...
it's all or nothing! this ain't the time to be thinking about exhausting my power!
ka... me...
ha... me...
hal'.!
goku!
wh-wh-wh-what's this?! huh? does majin boo have that many children?!
kakarrot'.!
oh, no...
switch out, kakarrot!
you rest for a little bit!
v-vegeta... he has... ridiculous strength... you need to be prepared!
i know.
vegeta!
damn! what quick, heavy attacks these are!
kakarrot was fighting an opponent like this?!
how can this be? how can vegeta there be absolutely no match for him?
this is bad!
d-dammit, he's toying with me!
i am the warrior saiyan people's prince, vegeta-sama!
bastard! this is having no effect at all!
veg eta-san!
l-i'm no match for him... i'm simply no match for him...!
l-i'll be killed...!
kakarrot'.!
switch out, vegeta. majin boo is strong.
stronger than anyone else i've ever fought before!
but i ain't lost yet!
kakarrot'.!
kakarrot, you are one incredible guy...
i was absolutely no match against majin boo.
you're the only one who can fight with him.
kakarrot... the first time i met you
was when i came to earth as i was conquering planets on the frontier.
so, you've shown up?
what have you come all this way for, kakarrot?
don't tell me you've come to say you're going to defeat me,
or some other absurd joke, have you?
d-damned if i'm about to let something like this happen!
l-i am the saiyan prince! i am ultra-elite!
there's no way i can be beaten by a lower-class warrior like him!
i am the greatest in the universe!
ever since then, i lived with the goal of surpassing you, kakarrot.
it's said that the legendary super saiyan can only appear in one out of a thousand...
even if the legend were true,
the capacity to become a super saiyan lies within me alone!
there's no way that lower-class warrior kakarrot
could become a legendary super saiyan!
h-he's clearly surpassed the saiyan fighting level.
l-ls the legend really true? is he... really a super saiyan?!
from my own self-anger, suddenly i was awakened... to being a super saiyan!
i was trembling with the joy of it!
finally, finally, the time when i had surpassed kakarrot
and returned as the saiyan prince had come!
however, in the end, i was unable to surpass you.
at first, i thought it was because you had something to protect...
that having a strong mind towards defending something
gave rise to some mysterious power...
that certainly may be true, but if that were it, then it would have been the same for me, now.
it was to have my own way,
it was for my own enjoyment, it was to kill my enemies,
and it was for my own pride that i had fought...
but, kakarrot, you were different. you don't fight in order to win,
you fight in order to be certain you do not lose, and in order to keep reaching your limits.
that's why you don't worry about taking your opponent's life.
in the end, you never did kill me.
it's as if you knew that i would now come to have the slightest bit of a heart.
it's so maddening! that there should be a saiyan who loves to fight, yet is kind!
hang in there, kakarrot! you are number one!
please, anything but that!!
a-awesome oni!
even the highly proud vegeta has at last taken off his hat!
the battle between son goku and majin boo continues.
goku, hang in there! protect the universe's tomorrows!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
the final, decisive clash between goku and majin boo has become fierce.
goku boldly challenged boo, with strength that taxes the imagination, to battle.
seeing this, vegeta learned of goku's true greatness.
hang in there, kakarrot! you are number one!
"pull through, vegeta!! one life-threatening minute."
th-this is a considerably powerful dream!
not again!
ka... me...
ha... me...
ha!!
stupid punk! that was a genuine kamehame-ha.
th-the kaioshin realm...! that holy region of the gods...!
hey! don't get so upset! this is a crisis for the whole universe, you know!
at a time like this, can't you overlook such a small thing?
you might call it a small thing...
hang in there, goku-san!
you truly are strong! even greater than i imagined.
gonna kill you!
if i had known it was going to turn out like this...
i should have finished you off for good when i had become vegetto.
but no matter what, i can't afford to lose!
damn! my attacks ain't having any effect on him at all any more!
what the hell's the matter?!
th-this is bad!
as a result of the fight being drawn out, goku is just about out of stamina!
how do you like this?!
even with me repeatedly attacking him at that level,
that bastard ain't lost any of his resilience!
he just immediately goes back to being good as new!
kakarrot'.!
what is it, vegeta? you want to switch in again? let me go a little bit longer!
you've got no intention of switching out again, so quit being so transparent!
you must know as well as i do that even if i were to fight him again,
then never mind me not having any chance of winning, i'd be killed in a second!
er, no, that's not...
hmph, don't bother trying to be gracious.
it's certainly the truth. i learned well once i tried to fight him.
boo there is strong-even more than i am.
and you, kakarrot, are too!
vegeta...
don't hold back for me, finish him off! with your super saiyan 3 there,
if you gather as much ki as you can,
you should be able to completely obliterate boo!
yeah... i've been thinking of doing so for a while now,
but i just ain't had the chance.
here i'm wanting to obliterate him, but i have to gather ki for about a whole minute.
one minute?
maybe i've been trying too much to look cool!
i thought things would go better than this!
y-you were concerned over me?
that bastard... he could return to normal in an instant,
but he's dragging it out on purpose just for the fun of it!
of all the... how infuriating!
one minute is enough, then?
if you have one minute, you can gather enough ki to annihilate him, right?
y-yeah... if i had a minute, that is...
all right!
i'll keep him in check somehow for one minute.
you start gathering ki immediately!
v-vegetam!
you're going to keep him in check, you say?
that's crazy! i told you that it would take a whole minute
in order to gather enough ki to wipe him out, right?!
is there any other way, kakarrot?
any other way to beat him?
w-well...
in that case, stop your useless worrying and hurry up and gather that kfl.
i'll buy you that one minute. i'll stake my pride on it.
understood. i'm counting on you, vegeta!
listen, vegeta, in your state, you're already once dead.
do you know what happens to that kind of guy if he dies again?
they vanish.
in both this world, and the other world, you will no longer exist.
don't you die, vegeta.
hmph. mind your own business.
all right, here i go.
you piece of crap!!
take this!
d-do you hear something strange?
not again!
that's great! if we're lucky, he just might keep up like this for one minute!
damn!
hang in there, vegeta!
one minute... if i can hold out for one minute...
vegeta!
vegeta!
bastard...!
hey... where do you think you're going...?
vegeta!
we're... not finished... yet!
are you thinking of running away? you miserable coward!
hurry up and come at me! come on, what's the matter?!
you're the mighty majin boo, right?
or are you afraid of me?
big bang...
attack!!
what?!
a little longer... just a little longer! hang on, vegeta!
what's so funny...?
y-you can't kill me... with a wimpy attack like that...!
i'm not lying...
after all, i'm already dead once!
damned if i'm going to be done away with by the likes of you!
i am the warrior saiyan people's prince... vegeta!!
this is bad! vegeta really is going to get killed for sure this time!
dammit, what are you doing, goku?! one minute has already gone by, hasn't it?
how can this be? it's been one minute...
i can't wipe out boo with only this much ki!
die, die, die, die!
d-damn it all!
i haven't gathered any ki at all! what's going on?!
what in the world is the matter, goku?
the only one who can save vegeta now, as well as the whole universe, is you!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
the fierce, final battle between goku and majin boo continued.
however, not even goku's arduous attacks were of any use against boo.
here i'm wanting to obliterate him,
but i have to gather ki for about a whole minute.
all right! i'll keep him in check somehow for one minute.
you start gathering ki immediately!
as goku gathered up his ki,
vegeta took his place, risking his life to fight boo.
however, even after the necessary one minute had gone by,
goku's ki had not been stored up.
what in the world is the matter, goku?
"don't you pick on satan!! the original boo is revived."
this is strange... i should have long since had enough ki gathered...
vegeta!
hey, there! where are you planning on going?
it's obvious, isn't it? lam returning to the kaioshin realm.
y-you're what?
unquestionably, between majin boo and i,
there is too much difference in our powers, and i will be no match for him.
however, even i should be able to buy them some time.
at this point, even if it's only for one second,
we have to buy enough time to let goku-san gather even more ki.
right now, goku-san is our only remaining hope.
just a minute!
i'm going too!
not you, too!
i am not a fighter-type, but even so, i should be of some use!
dende-san...
this is a crisis for the whole universe.
at a time like this, i can't just sit here doing nothing!
thanks!
well then, let's go!
right!
j-j-just a moment, now!
for the love of... would you settle down for a second?
if you boys could go and buy time, i would have long since let you go!
you boys must know well enough
that this situation is one where we can no longer do anything!
i know how you're feeling anxious, but there's nothing we can do any more.
the only thing we can do...
is believe in those two, and watch over them.
knowing those two, i'm sure they'll manage something. isn't that right?
vegeta!
stay back...!
stay back! of all the...
who is it you think i'm going through all of this for?!
you hurry up and gather your ki!
this is bad!
no matter how tough vegeta is, there ain't no way he can stand up to that!
i can't stand it any more!
boo!
yo, yo, yo! i watch on silently, and you get carried away with yourself!
did you think that the world combat sports champion mister satan-sama
would quietly overlook your brutality?!
i am going to punish you! prepare yourself!
you will soon regret having an opponent you can't deal with!
we didn't need this! he should have just quietly stayed in hiding!
he's nervous, he's nervous!
you're getting a spankie spankie!
yo, yo, yo! what's the matter?! hurry up and come at me!
or are you afraid of mister satan here?
you miserable coward!
l-i nailed that! i nailed that so hard, it's a shame this is a dream!
y-you want to go?!
e-even in a dream, this is scary!
l-i'm sorry!
l-i didn't mean any harm! i just wanted to show off a little!
i was only playing around, and i couldn't help myself!
satan dodged boo's attack!
nice going! i have to give you more credit, satan!
i'm so sorry!
wh-what is it? what in the world is wrong?!
c-could it be that he's in awe of my resolve?
i did it, i did it! i did it!
yo, yo, what's the matter?!
come on, come on! suffer some more from the power of my resolve!
wh-why is this?
why is it that ever since mister satan appeared, boo has been...?
c-could it really be a result of mister satan's resolve?
k-kakarrot'.!
what the hell are you doing?!
this is our chance! gather your ki now, while you can!
yeah, you got it!
b-b-boo!!
wh-what's this?
wh-what's happening here?
l-i know! that chubby majin boo was friends with mister satan!
with that boo inside his body,
he was undergoing rejection, and was incapable of attacking satan!
i see, so that's why he spat him out, is it?
well, even if that satan fellow is done in, it won't have much of an impact.
h-how could you? he may have a number of character issues,
but he is the last survivor of the human race... for the time being...
boo!
boo! hey! come on!
snap out of it! boo!
boo...
hey, come on...
b-boo...
b-boo... and you were such a nice guy, too...
how... how awful...!
how dare you do this to boo! you'll pay! you're going to pay!!
why, you...! brace yourself!
i, mister satan, will beat you to a pulp!
wh-what's with this guy?
you really want to fight?! i'm warning you, y-you'd better quit!
to put it frankly, i'm too strong for you!
v-very well!
if you want to get hurt that badly, i'll let you have it!
come on!
this is my dream, after all...
so it's only natural that i'm the one who will win!
how's that? have you learned your lesson?
h-how can this be?! even in my dream, this still hurts!
wh-why, you...! cut that out!
are you trying to get me really angry?!
do you really want to get hurt that badly?
if you're going to apologize, now's the time!
w-well, that's okay! maybe i'll just let you off. mm-hmm!
i might have been partly in the wrong as well.
what?!
b-boo...
i hate you! don't you pick on satan!
boo! y-you're alive?
how long is this going to take, kakarrot?! still not yet?!
l-i know! but it's strange...
i've gathered up ki to just about my full power, b-but the stored-up ki is starting to decrease!
l-it's what?!
kakarrot, enough already! how long will this take?!
that fatso isn't going to hold out that long!
aren't you done yet?! aren't you done gathering up your kl'?!
damn it! damn it! this ain't...
this ain't supposed to be happening!
m-my power... my power is d-dropping off!
wh-what's this?!
th-this can't be...!
boo...!
th-thank goodness!
that's my boo! hang in there! bust that guy's chops!
th-this is trouble. i can't really win.
looks like this has become the worst of all games.
far from storing up ki, goku has instead powered down.
is there no way left to defeat boo?
the universe is meeting its greatest crisis!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
vegeta stalled for time so that goku could store up enough ki to defeat majin boo.
however, there was nothing vegeta could do before boo's spectacular strength.
but then...
the gentle boo, who had been absorbed by boo, was revived.
i hate you! don't you pick on satan!
aren't you done yet?! aren't you done gathering up your kl'?!
m-my power... my power is d-dropping off!
but what's this? after storing up his ki,
goku suddenly returned to normal from being super saiyan!
"vegeta's secret plan!! polunga and the two wishes."
h-hang in there, boo!
y-you stupid bastard! you let all that pain i went through go to waste!
what do you think you're doing, kakarrot?!
s-sorry, vegeta...
d-damn it all! it was never any problem when i was dead...
it appears that being super saiyan 3 in a living body eats up quite a bit of ki after all...
we've had it. we really have had it.
boo!
you bastard! how dare you do that to boo!
let go! let go of him! you dirty runt! come on, let go!
you turn into choco!!
th-this is bad. he's going to be done in like that.
kaioshins! dende! can you hear me?!
you've got to be watching what's happening on that ball, right?!
can you hear me? if you can hear my voice, then answer me!
yeah, we hear you...
all right! now then, go immediately to the restored planet namek
and scrounge up the dragon balls!
u-um, how exactly are...
stop nattering and get on with it!
we're running out of time!
th-the dragon balls, huh?
i'm sure vegeta-san has some sort of idea! let's go!
still, those things, you know...
this is no time for you to be so particular!
how is it wrong to use them for something legitimate?
l-i get it. i get it!
let's go! to planet namek!
it would seem they've gone.
v-vegeta, what are you doing?
it's still too soon to be using the dragon balls.
kakarrot, how many times have you saved the earth up to now?
what's this, all of a sudden?
i asked you how many times you've saved it!
let's see, how many times has it been?
it's time to let the folks on earth take the responsibility for a change.
so this is planet namek?
y-yes... it's supposed to be...
it is planet namek! there's no doubt about it! h-however, it's...
what do you think, dende?
it's just the way it used to be, even on this planet!
welcome back! you've certainly grown up!
y-you guys!
it has been so long! elder-same, i'm so glad you're looking well!
dende, you're looking good too. and you've become quite kami-sama-like!
n-not at all!
i'm still very inexperienced, and there is much i still have to study.
i'm sorry to interrupt your touching reunion, but there isn't a moment to lose.
th-that's right! elder-same, i have a favor to ask!
would you please gather the dragon balls right away for me?
we need the power of polunga!
the dragon balls, you say?
has something happened to the dragon balls?
kaioshin-sama, we know the entire situation. now, let us hurry!
yeah. so you've already gathered them?
thank you very much!
veg eta-san...
vegeta-san, can you hear me?!
vegeta-san! all seven dragon balls have already been gathered!
dende?
summon planet namek's polunga immediately!
there are two wishes i want granted.
first, i want the earth that has been destroyed returned to the way it was!
next, i want everyone who has died since the day of that tenkaichi tournament,
except for the really bad ones, to be brought back to life! those two!
r-right now? those wishes?
that's right! right now!
b-but, isn't that...
dende, it looks like vegeta has some sort of idea.
sorry to trouble you, but could you just do it?
y-yes, understood! so, what about the third wish?
after those first two, anything's fine! do whatever you want!
vegeta, about that second wish...
wouldn't it have been easier
to just ask for everyone who had been killed by boo to be brought back to life?
hmph, idiot! if i'd done that,
then even babidi and dabura would be brought back to life.
besides, that way, the group that i killed at the tournament grounds
would not be returned to life.
you sure thought this out, huh?
that won't work, vegeta-san! come to think of it,
with polunga here, we can only bring people back to life one at a time!
wh-what?!
n-now that he mentions it, that's right, vegeta!
wh-what do we do?
we can't bring everyone on earth back to life like this!
such worries are unnecessary!
after the incident with freeza, i had polunga's wishes powered-up!
does that mean he can do any number of people?!
that's right.
th-these guys are making a mess of the natural order of things!
vegeta-san! they said it would be all right!
great. now, get started!
come forth, polunga!
wh-what them?
th-this is... polunga?
so then, you may speak your wishes! i shall grant thee any three wishes.
okay, tell him the wishes! do you still remember the namek language?
yes.
polunga! the faraway planet earth has been destroyed, and has disappeared.
please, if you would, return it back to the way it was!
okay! that is a simple task.
e-earth really has returned back to...
we did it! we did it!
i have granted your first wish. now, the next one.
you may speak your second wish.
let's see, how should i say this...?
um, please bring back to life everyone who has died
since madoshi babidi arrived on earth, leaving out the really bad people.
understood. however, thou must briefly wait.
their numbers are many, and it will be demanding.
right!
wh-what's this? is he capable of even this?
why, you runt! why, you...! why, you...! let go!
come on!
come on! let go, you stupid runt! why, you...!
satan!
this is precarious! have you noticed, kakarrot?
yeah.
that chubby boo is beginning to lose power.
with them both being boos, he's taking damage.
aren't you done yet, dende?! haven't those wishes been granted yet?!
what a pest! stop squawking at us!
polunga is going to a lot of trouble!
thank you for waiting. your second wish has been granted.
he did it! he's done it!
both the earth and everyone on it have been brought back to life, vegeta-san!
is that right?
wh-what is it you're planning to do?
vegeta, the ring over your head is gone!
this sure is great for you! you ain't thought of as being really bad!
th-then, i wasn't killed by boo?
goodness! what in the world does this mean?
but i was sure... so then, we didn't die?
huh?
what's going on here?
i'm certain i was turned into chocolate,
and then i was eaten by majin boo, and then i went to heaven...!
i get it, vegeta!
you wanted to bring gohan and gotenks back to life
so we can have them fight too, right?
wrong!
we're starting! get ready!
ready? for what?
get ready to make a genki dama'.!
a-a genki dama? a genki dama?!
wh-what's this?! vegeta's secret plan was to use a genki dama!
come on, everyone who has been resurrected!
share your genki with goku, and then, defeat majin boo!
a genki dama, you say'?
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
majin boo is dramatically stronger than any previous foe.
has every last means of defeating him been lost?
v-vegeta, what are you doing?
it's still too soon to be using the dragon balls.
kakarrot, how many times have you saved the earth up to now?
what's this, all of a sudden?
it's time to let the guys on earth take responsibility for a change.
and with that, vegeta then suddenly used the dragon balls of planet namek
to bring back the earth and the earthlings.
vegeta's idea was to...
we're starting! get ready!
ready? for what?
get ready to make a genki dama'.!
a-a genki dama'? a genki dama, you say'?!
"a last hope!! we'll make a huge genki dama."
we didn't die!
we' re saved!
huh? did i come back to life?
thank goodness, mother! thank goodness!
what on earth is going on?
what the hell happened?
never mind us, even the cities have been returned to the way they were.
good question. i don't have any idea.
say, where did that majin boo guy go?
satan isn't here, either.
don't tell me satan managed to...?!
i guess there's no way he could have, huh?
thank goodness!
we were training at kaio-sama's place.
so that's why you weren't in heaven, huh?
i was thinkin' that you'd gone to hell.
that's awful!
we wouldn't go! - papa!
papa!
papa! i missed you!
h-hey, cut it out! this is embarrassing, in front of everyone!
how nice for you, everyone! to be able to return to life!
i committed too many sins, so i couldn't,
but i will pray for everyone's peace from heaven here!
hey, vegeta, your idea was to use a genki dama?
that's right.
so that's it! you've thought this out, huh vegeta?
surely, with a genki dama, we might be able to defeat boo!
hang in there, boo! that's it! to the body! hook! uppercut!
what's the matter, boo?
if this is my dream, you should definitely be winning! my boo!
y-you turn into candy!
b-boo!
shake it off, boo!
say, it's impossible, ain't it? with a genki dama?
even if i were to gather a little bit of ki from everyone...
i told you, didn't i?
let the folks on earth take responsibility for a change.
besides, you're not going to get a little from everyone.
you're going to push everyone right to their limit!
right to their limit?
veg eta-san!
polunga is telling us to say the third wish!
the third one doesn't matter! do whatever you want!
you can't mean... for me to do whatever i want would be...
never mind, listen!
is kaioshin listening?
y-yes!
i want to talk to all the people on earth! do something about it!
b-by that, do you mean like the way madoshi babidi used magic to do so?
that's not something i can do!
th-that will be impossible, i'm afraid.
wh-what?!
leave that to me!
who's that?!
th-that voice! it's kaio-sama, right?
you guessed it!
vegeta, for you to choose my genki dama as your finishing technique was nice!
okay, talk! never mind earth, you can talk to the whole universe!
that will help a lot!
do you hear me, people of the world?!
i am speaking to you from some other place.
i believe you already know, but most of you were killed by majin boo.
however, through a mysterious power, i had you brought back to life.
your cities and houses and such should also be returned to just the way they were.
however, this is by no means a dream!
n-not a dream?
h-hey, what's he talking about?
he's talking to everyone on earth.
l-i knew this was a dream!
h-hey, you guys! if you've got time for this worthless spacing off,
then help boo out, would you?
we know! just hold on a moment!
right now, in a certain location,
there is a warrior who is fighting majin boo in your place!
however, to be honest, you could say that our odds are pretty bad.
l-it's vegeta! it's vegeta's voice!
majin boo's strength far exceeds even cell's!
vegetam!
and so, we want to make use of your power!
raise your hands to the sky!
gather your energy together and defeat boo!
it will wear you out considerably, but don't worry!
it will be just like after you run as hard as you can!
now, do it! raise your hands!
what a lousy approach towards making requests this guy has!
for crying out loud...
all right, kakarrot! get started!
right!
not bad, vegeta! i've got to give you more credit!
everyone! share your genki with me! please!
that's it'. a genki dama'.!
you got it, papa!
hmph! vegeta! this stunt isn't like you!
here it comes, here it comes, here it comes!
it's so huge all of a sudden!
this is from gohan and the others! ha! this is awesome, all right!
with just the ki from them, it's already gotten this huge!
that's it! great! more! more!
come on! more of you, raise your hands!
understood, vegeta! here!
l-like this?
here! here!
yahoo!
this time it's kuririn and bulma and those guys' kfl.
vvay 15 90. vegeta!
it's working! it's working!
they've done it!
goku-san! quickly now, finish boo off!
incredible! to think that a method such as this still remained!
really, what incredible people they are!
(ya)!
this is strange!
if they're getting power from all of the folks on earth,
then that super genki dama has no business being only that large!
from here on... from here on, it will get larger! i'm sure it will!
y-yeah...
polunga, you're certain that everyone who was wished for has come back to life, right?
of course, i am certain.
more importantly, do you not have a third wish yet?
th-the kaioshin realm!
dammit, no!
didn't we make it in time?
damn it all! we were so close!
hey! look... look over there!
boo hasn't had it yet!
geez, don't scare me like that!
vegeta!
it hasn't gotten the slightest bit bigger since then!
this much probably still ain't enough to defeat boo yet!
strange... it should have long since been completed!
wh-why isn't it?
hey, he said to raise our hands!
what good will it do to do that?
wh-wh-what's that? why am i hearing those voices?
who the hell was that?
that was some dubious voice!
wh-what did you say?!
something i don't trust about this, you know?
yeah. who do they think is going to raise their hands?
that was kind of creepy, huh?
let's go, let's go!
hey, now. i'm hungry!
oh? i suppose so. how about we go get something to eat?
don't fall for it! it doesn't have anything to do with us!
wh-what was that?!
l-look here! shh! be quiet!
don't fall for it, you say?! it has nothing to do with us, you say?!
damn it to hell!! what sort of rubbish are you talking about?!
it's your earth!!
how long are you going to act so spoiled before you're finally satisfied?!
what's the matter with everyone on earth?
this genki dama isn't getting even the least bit more genkfl.
oh, my! boo!
boo!
b-boo!!
i-it's no use any more! please! help boo out!
dammit! i won't ask any more!
hey! out of my way!
wait! don't be hasty, vegeta!
you fool! how can you ask like that?!
don't give up, you've got to keep on persuading everyone on earth!
there's no other way for the universe to be saved!
listen, earthlings!
i'm saying this one more time!
stop your whining! all you have to do is raise your hands!
this isn't going to work.
too bad, vegeta. it was a good idea, though.
you understand, don't you, that earthlings are this level of race, after all?
wh-what are you doing, vegeta?!
aside from our friends, just about nobody is giving up any ki, you know!
i know!
but nobody there believes a damn thing i'm saying!
damn!
hey! earthlings! cooperate, right now!
do you want to get killed by majin boo again?!
this is not a dream, or anything! i am serious!
why don't you... why don't you lend us your power for a change?!
again and again, the earthlings utterly refuse to listen to what vegeta tells them.
the super genki dama is the only thing that can dispatch majin boo now!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
this is the purely evil, absolutely most powerful, ultimate majin boo!
and this is the only thing left that can lay him to rest...
do you hear me, people of the world?!
raise your hands to the sky!
vegeta has bet everything on a super genki dama,
with the assembled genki of all of earth's people. however...
something i don't trust about this, you know?
yeah. who do they think is going to raise their hands?
it doesn't have anything to do with us, anyhow.
wh-what was that?!
it's your earth!!
how long are you going to act so spoiled before you're finally satisfied?!
i-it's no use any more! please! help boo out!
listen, earthlings!
why don't you... why don't you lend us your power for a change?!
hurry, everyone on earth! send your genki to goku!
the boo we're relying on can't hold out any longer!
"ultra-lmpressivefl the genki dama from everyone is finished."
there hasn't been the least bit of genki gathered, except for that of goku-san's friends.
v-vegeta-san, can't you use a more polite manner in your request?
nah, that would probably be asking too much.
he's like one big lump of pride, after all.
p-please...
wh-what was that?!
i'm asking you... please, raise your hands...!
vegeta... you're...
i-i'm asking you...
please...
raise your hands!
m-maybe i should raise them up and see.
h-hey, don't do that! it'll definitely make trouble!
don't do that, i said!
l-it couldn't be...! m-my power really was...!
th-there, you see?!
this is a trap of the devil!
e-everyone, be careful!
sounds like it really will suck out your power!
it looks painful!
everyone, be sure you don't raise your hands! don't be fooled!
you fool! who do you think is going to listen to you?!
say, this isn't that babidi or whoever guy, right?
you dirty bastards!
th-this is bad! the chubby one is on the verge of dying!
th-this is too awful! even for a dream, this is going too far!
boo! damn, it's all over!
damn it all, i can't take it any more!
what the hell are you doing?!
stop that, you...!
i hit him...!
that's not what i...
n-no, s-s-see, l...!
this ain't good!
that dirty bastard! he's found us out!
kakarrot! i'll do what i can to buy a little more time!
you'll have to convince those idiots on earth now!
buy time, you say? you just came back to life,
and ain't got sufficient ki yet, do you?!
m-make fun of me, will you?
vegeta!
k-kakarrot'.!
h-hurry...!
c-convince those idiots on earth...!
everybody on earth! i beg you! i beg you, share your genki with me!
we need everybody's help! raise your hands to the sky!
quickly!
n-noble father, that voice just now...!
mm-hmm! we finally learn the identity behind these voices!
it is son goku and friends! they fight for us, against majin boo!
can you hear my voice?! everyone! share your genki with me!
it is indeed goku-san's voice!
come now, upa! hold your hand toward heaven!
right!
come, the rest of you as well, quickly!
goku-san, please make use of our power as well!
geez, what is it with him?
from one thing to 'nother, that guy sure does tough it out, huh?
really, i gotta bow my head to him. y'know?
i see. so that's it, huh?
it's been a while since i've heard his voice.
that one from before, you know? yeah, that was a pretty good one.
yes, that will do nicely.
this is the kithat i have raised up through all of the training i've done.
take it all!
we're counting on you, son goku! be sure you defeat boo!
everybody on earth! share more, even more of your genki with me!
it's son goku! it's son goku! snow!
you're right! that's definitely him all right! that sure takes me back!
what? that's son goku?
yeah, from back then!
we sure are hungry!
now, hurry! hurry and raise your hands to the sky!
hey, the voice on this guy sounds like he's trustworthy.
don't be fooled by the voice!
it's definitely one of boo's cronies!
he's right! it's too suspicious!
they haven't been making their identities clear to us!
if we do as that voice says, then something awful is going to happen to us!
it's no use! it just got a little bit bigger from that!
vegeta!
don't you have it backward, there?
the one who's going to defeat you...
is going to be me!
hurry! hurry and give me your genki!
why?! why doesn't anyone understand?
th-this can't be! most of the people on earth aren't sharing their genki!
they've already been hammered by babidi and boo.
seeing it from the earthlings' side, it's only natural they can't trust anyone.
all right, let's go into the city too!
we'll all split up, and go around convincing the city's people.
right now, that's the only thing we can do for goku and vegeta.
understood. let's go right away!
yeah!
everyone! please, raise your hands toward the sky!
please! raise your hands toward the sky!
if we don't, then something terrible will happen to the earth again! please!
please! please!
mister!
this isn't the time to be doing that! the earth is in trouble!
look, enough! you sure are some annoyin' brats! stop gettin' in my way!
everyone, raise your hands! look to the sky and raise your hands!
here! i'll give you these, so go off playin' somewhere else!
we got these!
h-he's here!
run!
hey! hurry it up, everybody!
don't you care what happens to earth,
and the rest of the universe, you stupid bastards?!
what was that? stupid bastards?
that's a pretty insolent attitude from someone asking for something!
just ignore them. ignore them.
it could be that the whole majin boo thing never really happened, couldn't it?
that's right! it's entirely possible we've all been hypnotized as a group!
that's it, that's it! oh, well...
wh-why. you all...!!
that's enough out of you all!
why don't you cooperate, already?!
does this mean you will also not listen to the request from me, mister satan-sama?
it's satan!
say, that was mister satan's voice just now, mama!
mister satan?
satan?
hey, that sure was mister satan's voice!
what does that mean?
that's really satan! it was his voice!
c-could it be that the one fighting majin boo...
is mister satan, then?
i'm sure it is! it has to be!
it's our hero, satan!
th-that's right! i wanted to keep it quiet, but it's no use, now that the secret is out!
i will defeat majin boo for us.
so could you folks quickly lend me your power?!
w-well, we've got no choice, right?
unless i say it like that, they won't trust us, after all.
besides, our first priority is to defeat boo there, you know.
i knew it! i knew it! it's him!
that voice was mister satan!
satan! satan! satan! satan!
here it comes, here it comes!
i'm beaten. you've got me beaten, mister satan!
all right! that's it! go!
go'.!
go on! go on!
just a little bit more until there's a full tank!
just a bit longer! hold out just a bit longer, vegeta!
hey! it's still not enough!
is there anyone who hasn't raised their hand yet?!
l-it's no use...!
it's done! it's done!
after satan's part, which nobody had anticipated,
the super genki dama is at last complete!
get back, vegeta! here it goes!!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
everybody on earth! i beg you! i beg you, share your genki with me!
hearing goku's cry, his dear friends from the past raised their hands one after another!
and then, as a result of mister satan's actions,
the genki of the whole earth amazingly became as one!
all right! that's it! go!
it's done!
at last, the super genki dama was complete!
the long battle with majin boo was at last facing its final phase!
get back, vegeta! here it goes!!
"son goku is strongest after all!! majin boo is eliminated."
vegeta! get out of the way, quickly!
would you shut up?! i can't move my body!
y-you what?!
you've got to give it your all, and somehow get away from there, vegeta!
you'll be caught in the blast!
s-stupid bastard!
d-don't worry about me! hurry up and get him, dammit!
d-damn you!
v-vegeta-san!
he can't throw the genki dama like this!
g-goku-san!
it's that softness that will cost you your lives!
boo! give it to them, now!
k-kakarrot! if you are one of the fighting saiyan people, then do not hesitate!
yeah, but...!
k-kakarrot'.!
vegeta!
dammit!
boo...!
boo!
boo! are you all right?!
boo!
boo!
boo... what on earth...?
no!
goku! if you get finished off,
then that genki dama you worked so hard for means nothing!
give it to him, goku! give it to him!
d-damn it all!
it's no use!
vegeta, i'm sorry!
satan!
s-so that's it! all right!
i'm sorry, boo'.
damn it, man, do it!! put him away now!!
nice work, satan! you really could be the world's...
savior!!
burn in hell!
60!!
wh-what?!
dammit! go, 90!!
do you hear me, gohan?
yes, piccolo-sen. do you feel it?
there's an incredible collision of ki happening! it's boo and father!
yeah. apparently, they're fighting in the kaioshin realm.
in that holy region? so that's it.
if it's the kaioshin realm, then unless kibit-san were here, we can't go to their aid.
for the time being, let's go to the heavenly realm.
we should be able to feel goku and the others' ki more strongly there!
right!
hey, squirts! you guys come too! hurry!
d-dammit!
th-this ain't just my power here! this is the genki of all earthlings!
th-that's why there ain't no way... no way i can allow us to lose!!
piccolo!
gohan!
gohan-kun...
you dummy, you dummy! i was so worried about you!
u-um, you don't need to cry so hard...
wh-what's this?! are you leavin' me, your own ma out?! you're my gohan!
now, now, it's all right, isn't it?
it'd look bad if he had a mother complex.
trunks!
goten!
this is strange... goku's ki is getting weaker than it was earlier.
wh-what the hell is taking you so long, kakarrot?!
damn! i can't muster enough power!
d-dammit! damn it all! we were so close!
s-so that's it. we miscalculated!
there's not enough strength left in kakarrot,
which is so critical in throwing the genki dama!
dammit...!
th-this is bad! i wonder if that genki dama thing is still lacking a little bit of power.
th-that can't be! w-we've already used up all of our kfl.
j-just how tough is this guy... boo?
h-hang in there, son goku!
that genki dama has power from the other world in there too, you know!
dende! do something! raise kakarrot's strength!
p-please take me to where goku-san is!
l-i'm sorry, i used up all my strength just now.
until i recover it, i cannot instantaneously move.
l-it can't be!
l-i'm sorry, vegeta-san! our power is gone as well, and we cannot come there!
then it's all or nothing!
hey, satan, gather the genki from those guys on earth one more time!
raise the power of the genki dama, and squash that boo bastard! make it fast!
w-wait, vegeta! you can't do that!
everyone has yet to recover their strength!
if you suck out their genki again, everyone will die!
are you trying to take the earthlings you brought back to life and kill them all again?
you shut up, kaio!
if we lose to boo like this now, they can't remain alive anyhow!
now, do it! power-up the genki dama!
hurry it up! there's no time!
l-it's no use! i can't muster the power!
understood. i will call out to everyone again.
stop, mister satan!
provided that this was all my...
all in my dream...
what?
however, this is no dream! i can't believe it, but this is reality!
i'm sorry, but i cannot do anything that would allow the people of earth to die!
hey! listen to me well!
we can just bring back to life those who die again with the dragon balls!
besides, we still have our third wish left, and so...!
that's it!
dende! the third wish!
th-that's right!
do you still not have a third wish?
in that case, if you would allow me to disappear...
w-wait! polunga-san!
c-can you raise the strength of the person named son goku,
who is now fighting majin boo in the kaioshin realm, back to normal?
if all i must do is return that person's level of strength to its usual level, then it is possible.
thank goodness! d-do that right away, if you please!
okay!
l-i-it's no use!
goku-san! with the third wish, goku-san, your strength should be returning to normal!
it's back! it's back!!
thank you, dragon balls!
he did it!
very, very nice!
way to go!
father's ki...!
it suddenly swelled up!
you are awesome! you fought well, all by yourself!
you changed forms so many times...
so much so that i was finally getting tired of it.
this time, get reborn as a good guy!
i want to fight you, one-on-one. i'll be waiting for you!
and i will have gotten much, much better!
see you later!
goku-san!
kakarrot'.!
father!
goku!
60!!
it's over...
took you long enough...
at last, majin boo has disappeared.
he has been completely vaporized, with literally no cells remaining.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
this time, get reborn as a good guy!
i want to fight you, one-on-one. i'll be waiting for you!
and i will have gotten much, much better!
see you later!
the long, long fight was over.
at last, majin boo, with literally not even a single cell left behind,
had been completely vaporized.
"peace returns!! majin boo, champion of justice!?"
they did it! they did it!
they did it!
son goku!
what do you think?
apparently, it went well. majin boo's ki has completely disappeared.
they did it!
they did it! they did it!
father...!
d-did you get him?
m-majin boo?
you got him, huh?
people of earth! do you hear me?
it's the combat sport world champion, mister satan!
with you people's cooperation, the dreadful majin boo has just now died!
you can relax! you have been released from terror!
satan!
satan, you really are number one!
way to go! you're our hero, mister satan!
satan!
satan! satan! satan! satan!
enough already, papa!
in any case, they did it!
just what you'd expect from goku and vegeta!
vegeta! i love you!
so you're safe too, then?
goku-san!
even this heavy-duty kaioshin realm, it seems, was quite ravaged.
dende, go heal vegeta's injuries first.
he's especially worn out.
right.
do you get it? we're saved!
what is it?
hey! where are you going?
thank you!
b-boo!
what?!
h-he's still alive! p-please, heal him!
you can heal him, right? with that mysterious power?
don't be ridiculous! you have to be joking!
move! i'm going to finish him off!
s-stop! please stop! h-he's not all that bad a guy!
he was just ordered around by bad people, that's why he did what he did!
why, you... don't you get it?!
what do you intend to do if he gives rise to that devastating boo again?!
w-well, in that case...
next time for sure, the world will probably come to an end!
killing him now while we can is for the best!
you got that?!
wh-what made him become evil was when that idiotic guy killed this dog!
p-please! i beg you!
i will take responsibility for him, and keep him under my protection at my home!
protection?! don't make me laugh!
with your power, what the hell can you do?!
get out of the way, now! or do you want to die with him?!
wh-why, you...!
dende, heal boo for me, would you?
what did you say?!
are you out of your mind?
aw, it's all right, ain't it vegeta?
both this boo and mister satan did well by us.
if these two hadn't been here, we would have all had it.
right?
besides that, if the worst happens, we can just fight him again.
let's train so that one-on-one, we won't lose to him next time!
b-but, it will be awkward to have him living together with you on earth.
the earthlings all have the terror of boo burned into their memories.
oh, well, if boo can put up with not going out for about half a year,
the dragon balls will be re-activated, and if we ask shen long,
we can have him erase all memories of boo from everybody on earth!
my, my, not the dragon balls again.
well, that's the deal, vegeta.
do what you want! whatever happens is no concern of mine!
th-thank you!
really, thank you!
okay, dende, if you would.
right!
so, once boo is better, let's all go back to earth together!
once i've eaten all i can, i want to get plenty of sleep!
and so, goku and the others finally returned to earth.
everyone!
and then, they enjoyed a wistful reunion with their families and friends.
of course, there was one among them who was not welcomed.
you'll have to excuse me for being away for so long, everybody.
i received the grand kaio-sama's life, so i've come back to life.
d-does that mean... you can live together with us?
with gohan and goten, a family of four?
yeah! i want to hurry and go back to mt. paozu, chichi,
and chow down on some of your home cooking!
and then, a half-year later...
and then, a half-year later...
as goku promised, using the power of a revived shen long,
people's memories of boo were erased.
i'm not giving you this!
this is mine!
that one's yours? then, where's mine?
they sell them over there.
oh, there's so much here, isn't there?
welcome!
vanilla, choco, strawberry-we have all kinds! which would you like?
let's see... everything!
h-hold on! i still haven't gotten your money!
what is money?
what? stop kidding around!
if you don't have any money, then give that back!
give me back my ice!
if you want it so badly, come back with some money!
satan said it's not good to get angry.
who is this guy?
money... money... ice... ice... money... ice...
come on, come on! if you can skillfully defeat this gentleman,
you will receive a great deal of money!
all of one hundred thousand zenfl.
how about it? do we have any courageous challengers?
the cost to fight is a mere ten thousand zenfl. come on, fight! fight!
you go on!
don't be stupid! he's a master of kung fu!
there's no way i can beat him, you know!
can i really get a great deal of money?
of course! that is, if you can fight me and win.
do you want to go, mister?
but satan said it isn't good to fight!
is he a student of satan's or something?
he must be! really?!
don't worry. this is only a game.
ch. it's just a game?!
all right! if you need money, i'll put it up!
it's a cheap price to pay to watch an interesting match like this!
if he's satan's student, then i don't need to pull any punches!
money... ice... money... ice...
here goes!
how could you be satan's student?
ice... money... ice... money...
money... ice... money...
b-boss!
boss! shake it off!
'fie!
here! i brought you money!
ice... ice...
wait, sir! your change! your change!
aw, how annoying already! you still need something?
no. nothing at all.
really! where have you been?! you're always suddenly disappearing!
come on, carry my bags!
of all the... vegeta could at least go shopping with me, couldn't he?
sending boo along instead is the worst!
come quickly!
how pretty!
i believe this one would best suit you, madam...
you're right! fine, i'll take them all!
a-all of them?
right! all of them!
are these really that yummy?
you just keep quiet!
all right! all of you, hands up!
get your hands up!
now look, you! i am in a very bad mood today!
why. you! you wanna die?!
boss! outside, outside!
boss!
you idiot! we've got hostages here! there's nothing to get nervous about!
nuh, nuh, nuh! one of those hostages is majin boo!
you guys sure are out of luck!
m-majin boo?! who's that?! where is this guy?! bring him here, now!
yucky.
i don't care if he's majin boo, or pee, or whatever, once he takes this, he's done for!
b-boss, boss!
what is it?! what a nuisance!
that.
you're good guys! you gave me money for ice!
stay back! stay back!
i'll give you this back.
th-that was a gunshot! w-we can't wait any longer!
captain!
oh! the great saiyaman!
please, leave the rest up to us!
we'll leave it to you!
so long as there is evil in this world...!
the wrath of justice will burn...!
great saiyaman no. 1...
and no. 2...
can be counted on to...!
we're sorry. we're turning ourselves in.
this is what's it's like to have a family.
fusion hal!
now it's my turn!
you fool! that's dirty, using fusion! all right, then...!
aah! j-just a minute!
see here, now! what are you doin', all in the raw?!
the earth has been saved.
goku and the others enjoyed to the fullest the peaceful days which had come once again.
what vulgar folks!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
at last, majin boo was obliterated by the super genki dama,
created by goku from genki collected from throughout the entire universe.
and so, half a year later...
using shen long's power, people had their memories of boo erased,
and peace returned to the streets.
that's dirty, using fusion! all right, then...!
"you're late, goku! everyone party!!"
this one, maybe?
nope, this one after all, i think...
i wonder what kind of clothes they're wearin' in the city now.
that's perfect on you, gohan!
mother, do i really need to go in this outfit...?
what are you talkin' about? we're goin' to the city!
oh, well...
how many years has it been since we've gone to the city? i'm so excited!
say, gohan, which one do you think is better lookin'?
we may be going to the city, but it's only to bulma-san's house, right?
we're going to go eat barbecue!
gohan!
do you know where my lipstick is?
mother, you have lipstick?
i got some before, from bulma-san.
the same goes for some paint-like stuff for spreadin' over your eyes.
i don't know anything about them. don't know, don't know...
i must have packed them away somewhere...
by the way, has goku-sa finished gettin' ready?
huh? he was here until just a moment ago.
i wonder where he went.
you don't think...?
there's one missing!
ah, is that where it is?
all right...
wh-what's the matter?!
i was just trying to return it to the nest, you know!
there!
but if the egg hatches in a place like this, the child is going to fall off the cliff!
he went to see some eggs, you say?
why does he have to go see those dinosaur eggs again at a time like this?!
he said they looked like they were going to hatch today,
so he was just going to go see how they were doing.
mother!
he's not in the vicinity.
shall i go look over on the other side of the mountain?
i've had it! we're goin' with just us!
good grief, that goku-sa is never around at important times like this!
he's always gettin' himself left behind! it's not my fault if he whines about it later!
really, at times like this...!
i don't think that reinforcing it that way is going to hold.
okay! you're saying you want to do this all yourself, right?
these are your first children, after all!
now then, i'd better get back soon, or chichi is going to get angry at me.
you can't have these!
sorry about this.
i can't leave them alone like this...
kuririn-san!
oh, trunks! you've gotten a little bigger, haven't you?
aw, gee... come on in!
hey, trunks! thanks for stopping us!
i had a bit too much speed going.
yamucha, is this yours?
yeah, kuririn!
this is the latest model our company makes!
actually, i asked bulma to have them make it cheaper for me.
how nice! maybe i'll ask her too.
hey, chichi!
good day!
yeah, you're all looking well.
huh? where's goku?
uh, about that...
he said he couldn't come, because there are cute babies of his to be born!
hey, what does she mean, babies?
don't tell me...!
l-i'll explain everything later.
thanks!
look at that, look at that...!
you're sure it's okay for kami-sama to go to parties?
it's fine, once in a while, isn't it?
here.
thanks.
piccolo-sen!
is this where you've been? it's been too long.
come to think of it, i was found by gramps over in a bamboo thicket on this mountain.
around there, i think, is where i was picked up...
gramps sure was strict...
even so, gramps was also kind.
gramps...
hey. hey. hey'-!
sorry, but if you're going to fight, could you do it over there?
all right, fight!
let's dance!
gohan, dance your heart out!
what are you doin', gohan?!
i'll show you the secret to how it's done!
awesome, awesome!
goten, your mom is incredibly cool, huh?
big brother, did you know?
mm-hmm... i knew that mother was a master of the eternal turtle style,
but this is the first time i've ever seen her do it.
that's right! gohan-kun, you and the others hadn't been born yet, huh?
chichi-san once even entered the tenkaichi tournament, you know!
are you okay, mother?
sure enough, you can't win out against age.
incredible! just what you'd expect of goku-san's wife!
goku?
goku sure is late.
i wonder if son-kun isn't going to come after all.
are you that concerned about it?
ah! so that's it, bulma-san! you like goku-sa, don't you?
you'd best give up on him! i'm far and away prettier, after all.
indeed! you're very pretty today, chichi-san!
that makes it sound like i'm usually not pretty, doesn't it?
somehow, i feel sorry for chichi-san.
he'll come, that's for sure.
what, you guys were worried and came to watch too?
i'd like to relocate that egg to a safer place,
but it's gotten so weak that if i move it at all, it looks like it might break.
damn...
okay, wait here. i'll be right back!
hang in there for bit until i'm finished with that nest up there!
i'm going to reinforce that with this right now!
whew, that was close!
your egg is all right!
well, let's keep going!
well now, the rain has stopped, and it's about time we were going home.
okay then, we'll see you later.
mm-hmm. be careful, okay?
don't be a stranger.
goku!
son-kun! goku!
father!
goku!
hey, sorry, sorry i'm here so late.
where's chichi...? i'm right here!
what do you mean by moseyin' on in here now? everyone's gettin' ready to leave!
yeah, i meant to come right back, but you see... forgive me!
well, it's not like this is the first time, huh?
if i were to get upset over every little thing, i could never be goku-sa's wife, could i?
have you eaten yet?
no, not yet.
for cryin' out loud! for a husband, you sure need lookin' after!
i'll go fix you somethin'.
bulma-san, would you help me?
of course!
so? so? were they born?
yeah.
tell us the story of these eggs!
right. they were incredibly cute babies, four of them!
they're born!
tell me, tell me, compared to when i was born, which one of us was more adorable?
which, you ask? i was dead when you were born, goten, so...
hey. vegeta!
don't just stand over there, you come on over here too!
just by him being there, everything around goku is livelier.
just by him being there, everyone has more fun.
sure enough, you are number one, son goku!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
at the hand of madoshi babidi,
the mighty, wicked majin boo was restored to life.
as his instincts directed him, boo even destroyed the earth,
as he pursued the utmost in destruction.
however, by using the power of the dragon balls, goku restored the earth,
and then used the ultimate genki dama,
made from genki that had been gathered from all mankind,
to finally defeat majin boo.
once again, peace had returned to earth. and then, ten years passed by...
"grandpa goku! i am pan!!"
sheesh, this is no use. going like this just feels too sluggish.
all right...
let's go!
excuse me!
trunks!
how nice of you to come! it's been a while, hasn't it?
good day, chichi-san! um, is goten here?
goten? he left with goku-sa early this morning. i know!
gohan probably knows where they went.
is that right? well, i'll go try asking gohan-san.
thank you very much!
good day!
um, excuse me...?
next, let's take a look at the weather situation for the paozu area.
the atmospheric depression that brought some rain with it last night.
yo! welcome! was carried away by winds out of the west,
leaving the sky completely clear this morning, without a cloud in sight!
it's a pleasure, gohan-san.
i can't break away right now. could you take these for me for a second?
ah, yes!
you know, there's nothing but difficult-looking books here.
i have to put together the materials i'm going to use at the next academic meeting.
oh, set them down on that table there.
gohan-san, you've completely become a scholar, huh?
i suppose.
pan! go clean up your room! pan!
oh, welcome, trunks-kun!
videl-san, sorry to intrude.
really, that pan just leaves her room so messy...!
come, brave warriors!
this is the world combat sports super champion, mister satan!
i will accept challenges from anyone!
i'll be waiting for you on the grounds of this year's tenkaichi tournament!
the tenkaichi tournament starts tomorrow!
really, i declare... i don't know what to do with papa.
he's all right, isn't he?
after all, satan-san magnificently saved the earth, and is everyone's hero.
you could say he saved us,
but using the dragon balls, everyone's memories have been erased.
nobody remembers what it was that papa saved the earth from.
more importantly, trunks, didn't you need something?
oh, right, right. do you know where goten is?
goten is on the mountain out back training with dad and the others.
vegeta-san and bulma-san are there too.
papa and them are here too?
good grief, would you look at this father and son?
geez, you're not showing any mercy, father!
it's been a while, huh bulma, vegeta?
it hasn't been just a while!
i mean, really! if we were to leave you alone, you'd never come to see us, would you?
you've been that way since long ago.
that ain't so!
we just saw you a mere five years ago, didn't we?
that's five years! five years!
everyone else got together, but you said you had to train, and couldn't come, right?
th-that's true, but...
wh-what?!
you've become a total auntie, huh?
hush, you!
even looking like this, people often say "ma'am, you're so young!"
you saiyans are monsters for never changing at all!
we saiyans are a warrior race.
as such, our youthful period lasts longer, so that we can fight.
maybe next chance, i'll ask shen long to make me young again.
by the way, kakarrot,
when you say you're entering the tenkaichi tournament tomorrow, are you serious?
yeah, i'm going, i'm going. i decided today.
vegeta, you enter too!
why?
why, all of a sudden, have you decided to enter this tournament in particular?
because there's going to be someone else that appears to be strong entering too.
i've been interested in him for a long time, and this morning,
he arrived at the tournament grounds.
what's this?
i don't feel any ki that's all that strong.
that's because he's got his ki completely reigned in.
but i can more or less tell. this guy is definitely strong!
you're kidding, right? there's no way this guy could be. is he an alien?
no, he's an earthling.
an earthling?
you're not going to tell me he's an artificial human or something, right?
he's an ordinary human.
what was that?
such a thing isn't possible!
how can there be a human who can put up a decent fight against you guys?
trunks-kun!
yo'.!
oh, you've come too?
mm-hmm. what's this, goten?
looks like you're training, huh?
are you planning on entering the tournament too?
father told me to enter. i told him i don't want to, but he's forcing me.
i'd made a date for tomorrow, too.
hey, stop complaining. you can have a date anytime, can't you?
we're both put upon by how weak our children are becoming, huh?
it's true! well, that just goes to show how peaceful things are.
back already, huh?
my, it's pan-chan!
grandpa, i flew around the earth!
all right! terrific! that was pretty quick, huh?
i'm all ready for tomorrow now, right?
t-tomorrow?
pan-chan, you're not by any chance thinking of entering the tournament, are you?
mm-hmm, that's right.
but as i remember,
the children's division is gone from the tournament these days, right?
are you thinking of matching up together with the adults?
well, she probably can't win, but she's sure to get up to someplace good!
right now, the one with the most guts in our house is pan here.
this sounds like it will be fun. maybe i will enter.
hey, trunks, you enter too.
that's an order. unless you want your allowance cut in half, that is.
nice going, nice going!
"tenkaichi tournament."
it sure is terribly bustlin' here.
it's not so much a tournament as it is a festival, huh?
say, say...
what is it, pan?
grandpa, let's go look around!
sure we will... say, there's still some time, right?
yeah. we got here pretty early, after all.
all right, shall we go?
father!
grandpa, hurry, hurry!
hey, pan! hold on! hold on! pan, i say!
here.
hey, you! hold it right there!
hey, hey! move it, move it!
that was easy!
okay, thank you!
huh? pan...?
you pipsqueak! get in my way, will you? you're a nuisance!
my ice cream...!
what?! you got something to say?! huh?!
wh-what is it?
y-yikes...!
don't do it, pan...!
my ice cream...
pan!
the doggies are licking it!
my! my...
there, there! here, grandpa will give you his, so don't cry anymore.
hold it!
"tenkaichi tournament."
oh, they're here, they're here!
yo, everyone! you're all looking good!
don't "you're looking good" us, goku!
training is fine and all, but at least contact us every once in a while!
i haven't heard so much as a peep from you.
sorry, sorry! actually, bulma yelled at me about that same thing yesterday.
you're the same as ever, huh son?
piccolo, aren't you entering?
there's no way i could fight against you any more.
today, i wanted to have a look at just how strong you guys have gotten.
father, you'd better hurry. they're going to close entry applications soon.
let's go, grandpa!
well, see you later, then.
yeah, we'll be in the stands!
okay!
you know, it's rare for there to be a grandfather
for whom the word "grandfather" seems so out of place.
let's go with the same strategy this time, as always.
boo-san, you'll become the challenger champion, and fight against me,
the super champion, but end up losing.
and as is the custom,
please be sure to hold back all of your power when fighting the other challengers.
if you're too strong, there won't be any more challengers next time, after all!
i know, i know.
what now, more of my fans?
and i told them not to let anyone in.
yo.
oh! well if it isn't goku-san!
good day, grandpa.
and my cute little pan-chan, too! have you been well?
your whiskers hurt!
did you come just to cheer your grandpa on?
i'm going to enter the matches too.
it shouldn't be surprising, but everyone passed the preliminaries.
it's been a while!
what's this?!
don't worry! if one of us wins through, we'll let you have the victory.
really?! you really will, right?
y-yeah...
however, somebody besides us or boo may win, too.
not again, not again!
there's no way that something like that could happen, is there?
say, satan-san, everyone else has come to the stadium,
but there aren't any seats left, so they said they wanted you to do something.
is that right, is that right?
something like that is an easy matter to handle! just leave that to me!
huh? what's with those guys?
wh-what is this...?
hold on, is he serious?
s-sure enough, we'll be able to see well enough from here, but...
we're not on display!
l-if i'd known it was going to be like this, i would have entered.
geez, papa...
this is embarrassing.
they've got to be kidding, putting us here. let's have them move us!
um, i'll go ask my papa.
mama, this is a good view!
indeed!
well, they had a nice place like this all along, didn't they?
thank goodness!
yeah, yeah, i was worried what was going to happen.
somebody is coming out!
okay then, we will now hold the drawing to determine the pairings for the matches!
ladies and gentlemen, please greet them with applause!
this is everyone who admirably managed
to pass the preliminaries and advance into the finals!
long ago, when we fought here, i was the one that won, huh?
i won't lose this time!
it's boo-same! boo-sama! boo-sama!
boo's gotten popular, having participated every single time.
at last, the tenkaichi tournament begins.
who is this incredible guy that goku spoke of?
the heated battles are about to get underway.
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
the craziness surges toward us,
this is no time for tears.
i will raise my anticipations a hundred-fold,
and become our party's leading man.
that which you can lose yourself in.
will someday make you an incredible guy.
no... ten p-kan.
the sky is clear
lppal oppai
i am feeling fine.
the trouble is here, so enjoy,
you naughty little boy,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
no... ten p-kan.
my head is clear,
ra-men roppai.
mother doesn't care.
it's the century's end, so twist and twirl,
you mischievous little girl,
we gotta power!
dragon ball z!
ten years' time had passed since majin boo was defeated
by the power of goku, and of all mankind.
grandpa, i flew around the earth!
goku, together with goten, as well as gohan and videl's daughter, pan,
decided to enter the tenkaichi tournament, after a long absence.
why, all of a sudden, have you decided to enter this time in particular?
because there's going to be somebody strong entering too.
what's this?
i can more or less tell. this guy is definitely strong!
"i am oob! now 10 years old, the former majinl?"
good luck!
a-awesome... i've never seen so many people...
hey!
what's with you?
s-sorry!
geez, you're nervous!
still, a kid like you is lucky to have gotten past the preliminaries.
i'm sure it was just luck.
of course it was! every year, there's always one lucky guy that gets in.
well, this year, there's another, super-lucky one as well.
yow-ow-ow...!
hey!
that hurt, you know! you runt!
have you got something against me?
well? why don't you say something? you runt!
grandpa!
there, there! don't cry, don't cry, pan.
now then, sorry to keep you waiting!
we would now like to begin the drawings
to determine the matches for the tenkaichi tournament!
ladies and gentlemen, as i believe you already know,
these matches are carried out tournament-style,
with the contestants who have passed the preliminaries!
the pairings for the tournament are impartially decided by this lottery.
further, the one contestant that wins their way through the tournament...
will compete for victory against the super champion, mister satan!
hey, is that incredible guy that goku-san was talking about really among us?
beats me.
w-well, there sure are some weird bastards, anyhow.
tell me, kakarrot, which one is he?
you'll see.
so then, contestants, when i call your name, please draw your number!
let's see, first up is son goten-san!
right!
this way, if you please!
say, boo...
can you be sneaky and change the numbers with your magic for me?
when mister satan was still drawing numbers,
he asked you to cheat for him, right? now i'm asking.
i get it. fine.
what is it you're planning? what are you thinking?
sorry, but no matter what, i want to fight with him.
both him and me, in the first round, while we're both at 100 percent strength.
here.
number 8! son goten-san is number 8!
let's see, next comes mo kekko-san.
a pretty strong-looking guy has come forward, huh?
that guy is all looks. there's no substance to him.
that may be so from where you're looking, i suppose.
why didn't you enter?
you knew that there was going to be this level of guys here from the start, didn't you?
if you had finished, we could have gotten some prize money, you know, prize money.
don't be crazy! never mind the others, with goku and them as my opponents,
there's no way i could win, is there?
i won, ten years ago. i did let mister satan have the victory, though.
but that was because of the commotion around boo,
when goku and the others dropped out.
you really don't have any guts, huh?
come on, would you...?
mama, next is pan-chain's turn!
which one should i choose?
hey, is it still okay not to use any magic?
mm-hmm, it's still all right.
let's see, this one!
right! number one!
contestant pan is number one!
oh! pan-chan is number one, huh? which means, her opponent is...
"mo kekko."
wh-what's this?! of all people, it's that ferocious guy?!
number one, number one, number one...
okay, next is son goku-san! if you would...!
i've been waiting for this!
which one is open...?
all right! boo, number three, please!
gotcha.
yo'.!
it has been some time. son-san,
we've missed you in the tournaments that you haven't been here for.
right, son goku-san is number three!
let's see, next comes kirano-san!
right.
give him... let's see... let him have number six.
gotcha.
what? he's not the one?
number six! kirano-san is number six!
okay, now then, oob-kun!
r-right!
boo, number four! give that boy number four!
after this, you don't need to cheat any more.
(c) key-d o key.
wh-what, now?
don't tell me... it's that kid?!
yeah, it's him.
while training alone, i've been waiting a long time
for that boy to enter the tournament.
i'm not understanding this at all. talk to me, already!
ten years ago, when that unbelievably evil boo died, i asked for a favor.
i asked that he be reincarnated as a good guy this time,
so that we could go one-on-one.
apparently, old man king yama heard me, and took it under consideration.
y-you're telling me that kid there is his reincarnation?!
mm-hmm, no doubt about it. for some reason, i can tell.
even his name, see? it's "oob," right?
if you read that backwards, it's "boo," ain't it?
right? that's a strange coincidence, huh?
c-can it be?
h-he's what?!
m-maybe mom was right after all.
even if i am the strongest in the village, the world is a big place.
there's sure to be very strong people out here, lots of people who are stronger than me.
wh-what should i do? i told her i would definitely win.
i promised everyone that i would use the prize money to buy lots of things to eat,
and bring them back.
son goku-san, huh?
the pairings for the first round have been decided!
in the first match, contestant pan versus contestant mo kekko.
in the second match, contestant son goku versus contestant oob.
in the third match, contestant captain chicken versus contestant kirano.
in the fourth match, contestant mister boo versus contestant son goten.
in the fifth match, contestant trunks versus contestant otokosuki.
and in the sixth match, contestant knock versus contestant vegeta!
the matches will begin right away, so when your names are called, please come to the ring.
until then, you are free to rest or begin warming up.
very well then, we'll see you afterwards.
that's not fair, having to go against boo-san in the first round!
you're just lucky when it comes to lotteries, huh goten?
you're only in trouble because you're always skipping your training.
i'm the one who should be upset!
i've got this kid for an opponent!
i didn't come here to play around in some nursery school, you little turd!
how did someone like her get through the preliminaries?
go home and suck your mama's milk now, while you still can!
thank goodness! you're just what i like in an opponent!
i'll be sure to let you have it as hard as i can!
trunks-kun, you're lucky when it comes to lotteries too, huh?
hey, pops. hey, you! i'm talking to you!
what are you ignoring me for, you old piece of crap!
i was just going to pay my respects as your opponent in the match.
someone tell them that somebody has dropped out.
geez, vegeta, for the love of...!
papa is strong!
we're terribly sorry for the delay!
we now at last begin the final competition for the tenkaichi tournament!
of the 114 participants in this tournament,
we have selected the finest twelve to fight for the prize money,
and for the right to challenge the champion!
once again, the prize money is being sponsored by mister satan!
satan! satan! satan! satan!
hang tough, okay?
your papa and mama will be cheering for you from the second floor.
don't get nervous. relax, relax.
now then, right off, let's begin the first match!
okay, come back soon!
i'll be right back!
the first match is between contestant pan and contestant mo kekko!
contestant pan is... won't you be surprised to hear this...
a gifted little girl, who is only four years old!
however, as if that weren't enough, amazingly...
she is also mister satan's granddaughter!
she faces contestant mo kekko, who was unfortunate enough to be defeated...
by contestant mister boo in the semifinals at the last tournament.
he is a powerful contender, standing two meters, 30 centimeters!
how cute! good luck!
don't you pick on her, mo!
she's satan's granddaughter, then?
e-even so, that doesn't change the fact that this is making a laughingstock of me!
damn it all!
still, how did that little squirt get through the preliminaries?
even if she is mister satan's granddaughter...
beats me. well, she could have cheated her way though, right?
i hope you're all right, pan-chan.
hang in there, pan-chan!
pan! don't go too far out there!
pan-chan, good luck!
very well then, please begin!
what choice do i have? i'll toss her out.
what?!
she did it!
well, he's all right! contestant mo is still breathing!
he is not dead, so contestant pan wins the first match!
you did it!
way to go, pan-chan!
a-are you okay?!
pan-chan'.!
you're not hurt?
mm-mm, i'm all right!
there's no reason she shouldn't be, right?
that was really something to see, pan.
we're next, huh?
let's give it our best!
r-right! please accept my regards!
now then, the second match will be
between contestant son goku and contestant oob!
contestant son goku has previously appeared in the tournament several times,
and incredibly, as a martial artist of super ability,
he even has the experience of being victorious once!
i personally expect his abilities to place him
among the top class of contestants in this tournament!
i anticipate a white-hot match
between him and mister satan's number-one pupil, mister boo!
facing him is contestant oob,
a young boy who has come all the way from his village on south island!
the oldest of five, he is a hard worker,
who often looks after his younger brothers and sisters!
he absolutely wants the prize money,
and has bravely gone ahead to enter this time around.
give him all you've got, kid!
hang in there! your big sister will be cheering for you, here!
oh, i feel so sorry for him. for him to have come all this way,
just to have son-kun be his opponent...
this will be the fight of greatest notice this time around.
indeed it will.
so then, please begin the match!
don't be so nervous! you can't put out what you're capable of like that!
r-right!
this isn't going to work.
it's no use. all right, if it comes to that...
hey there, you! come at me! you little hick!
earlier, you were pretending in front of everyone to be a good little boy,
but you're really an incredible brat, ain't you?
and i... let's see... i hate you! i'm going to knock you flying!
or would you rather, um, get killed, and go back home as a pile of bones?!
let's see, let's see... your mommy's belly-button sticks out!
m-my mommy's belly-button does not stick out!
well then, she's just a pile of poo!
yeah! yeah! she's a pile of poo!
what are they up to? all they're doing is talking out there.
search me.
all right, now for the final blow!
your daddy...
is a pile of poo, too!
neither my father...
nor my mother...
are piles of pool!
at last, oob snaps. what is the reincarnated majin boo capable of?
the second round that goku promised majin boo is about to begin!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
buried in time and distant memories,
that's right, we were angels.
from high in the sky we scattered the seeds of love,
we wanted to rid the world of sadness.
say, look at that blue sky,
as you stare into it, doesn't your courage swell up inside?
even now?
to my friends, we may have lost the wings from our backs, but still,
there's some mysterious power that remains with us.
to my friends, let's embrace the light and dare to dream,
look! i can see the rainbow in your eyes. (angel... angel... angel...)
hacha mecha ga oshiyosete kuru.
naite'ru baai ja nai.
wakuwaku wo hyakubai ni shite
paatii no shuyaku ni narou.
muchuu ni nareru mono ga
itsuka kimi wo sugee yatsu ni suru n da.
no... ten p-kan.
sora wa harete
lppal oppai.
boku genki.
toraburu to asobe
yancha booi.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
no... ten p-kan.
atama saete.
ra-men roppai.
haha nonki.
seikimatsu hashage
ochame gaaru.
we gotta power!
doragonbooru z.
what is it you're planning? what are you thinking?
sorry, but no matter what, i want to fight with him.
both him and me, in the first round, while we're both at 100 percent strength.
the tenkaichi tournament was proceeding smoothly.
the incredible guy that goku was talking about...
was none other than oob, the reincarnation of majin boo.
n-neither my father...
o-or my mother...
are piles of pool!
"even stronger!! goku's dream is super-huge."
what?!
he's fast!
i'm starting to get excited...!
there's no doubt about it! you're the reincarnation of that evil boo!
come on, come on, what's the matter?
i can't lose! i absolutely cannot lose!
i made a promise to father and mother that i would win the tournament,
and bring back the prize money for sure.
ain't you coming? in that case, i'm going to go at you!
oh, my!
contestant oob can do nothing in the face of contestant son's ferocious attacks!
he is being hammered!
impressive... little by little, he's catching up to my speed!
i can't believe it. that kid is learning how to fight while he is fighting!
what?
you're kidding, right?!
wh-what is with that boy?!
u-unbelievable...
to think that he's fightin' on equal terms with goku-sa...
can it be that the incredible guy son-kun mentioned is this boy?
nice going! nice going, kid!
go! go!
you're sure it's okay not to watch the matches?
it'll be fine.
after all, it's going to be either goku or one of the others,
or you, boo-san, that will win their way through.
and boo-san, there isn't anyone that can stand up to you and the others, is there?
i get it!
what is it?! what is happening?!
wh-what?!
they're even! they are even!
both contestant son and contestant oob are not retreating one step!
s-stop this, please! the ring is being destroyed!
sure enough!
it would seem to be just as goku said.
he apparently is the reincarnation of boo.
yeah, that's the only thing i can figure.
contestant oob has incredible power! even with his small body,
he is easily tossing contestant son about!
this is for what you said earlier!
grandpa! look out!
grandpa, hang in there!
goku-sa!
son-kun...!
father...!
oh, dear! is contestant son down?
awesome, kid!
you really got me that time.
all righty! come on!
what sort of guys are those?!
you'd better back out too! if you don't want to die, that is!
where are you going?
knock-san, are you still going to participate?
yeah... i was only going to the restroom. i'm just about to leak out!
um... i'm just... uh...
i hear somebody calling for help!
it's the voice of a young girl, being frightened by evil!
wait right there!
right now, captain chicken, the ambassador of justice, is coming!
that makes two people forfeiting their matches in the finals.
i'm not about to lose...
i made a promise... i'm not about to lose... i'm not about to lose...!
i'm not about to lose... i'm not about to lose... i'm not about to lose!
i am not about to lose!
th-that's impossible!
y-you're floating!
ka... me...
ha... me...
father!
that's right, you still haven't learned how to fly through the air yet, huh?
that's only normal, since you haven't had a teacher,
and you probably never even thought about it.
i'm sorry about saying those bad things earlier. forgive me, okay?
i wanted to know what you were capable of.
if i hadn't done so, it didn't seem like you would have gotten serious with me.
just as i expected, you are who i thought you would be.
you're impressive! awesome!
but you ain't accustomed to using your power.
this is the first time you've ever fought like this, huh?
let's see, now...
all right, i've decided.
i'll go live together with you at your place from now on,
and teach you how to fight.
once i do that, you'll become much, much stronger. that's okay, right?
s-stronger? b-but...
what's wrong?
that's impossible. our family is poor, and all.
that's why i insisted on coming here, for the prize money.
no problem, no problem. don't worry about money.
i'll get some from mister satan.
he makes quite a bit from being a hero, after all.
b-but...
there's no reason to be so reserved.
besides...
from now on, if the time comes when there's some emergency,
you're the only one who will be there to protect the peace!
wait there a second!
f-father!
guess what? i'm going to go live together with him at his place so that i can train him.
g-goku-sa! son-kun!
i don't know how many years it will take, but i'll come home every once in a while.
look after things for me, okay?
u-um, father, why in the world...?
see ya!
father!
goku-sa!
father... goku-san...
grandpa...!
grandpa!
what's the matter, pan?
is it true? what you just said, is it true?
yep!
no! not being able to see you, grandpa... i don't... i don't want that!
hey, hey, hey, pan. it ain't like we'll never see each other again.
i said i would come home once in a while, right?
really?
yeah, i promise! so don't cry.
all right, that's a good girl.
don't you guys skip out on your training, either, now!
just like with him,
the peace of the earth from now on rests on your shoulders, after all.
right!
i'm going to train too!
and i'm going to get a lot stronger, just like you, grandpa!
all right, that's the spirit!
now, then...
sorry about this, vegeta.
and after i talked you into coming all the way out here...
hmph. in puny matches such as these, neither you or i,
or that oob kid there, could go at it to the best of our abilities, anyhow.
ain't that the truth!
see ya!
well, let's go! hop on my back!
r-right... l-like this?
your house was on an island to the south, right?
yes.
hold on to me tight, oob!
right!
all right! here we go!
yahoo!
c-contestant son?! contestant 00b?!
what are we supposed to do about the matches?!
"grandpa! "he's 90ne!
wh-what's going on? bye-bye!
h-he's not serious... he can't be...
training, he says? hey, what does that mean?
he's gone!
what in the world was son-kun thinking?!
really, he's always done whatever he pleased!
it's been a long time since i've seen goku as happy as that.
you're right.
(he)', what's going on?
beats me, i don't know what's up.
kakarrot, i can understand your reasons.
you're not training that kid, the reincarnation of boo,
just for the sake of keeping peace.
so, ooh...
y-yes?
once your training is complete,
let's you and i have a proper match against each other again, okay?
o-okay.
to tell you the truth, that's what my biggest goal is!
ain't you excited, oob?!
to be able to come across someone so incredibly strong?!
yes!
sure you are!
"cancelled."
all right! let's go get stronger!
yes!
no, no! you say "ohh!"
ohh!
one more time! let's go get stronger!
ohh!!
son goku, the warrior who has continually fought and overcome limits
in order to keep the peace on earth, as well as the universe, now makes his departure.
come back soon, goku!
everyone is waiting for your return!
angel... angel... angel...
angel... angel... angel...
toki ni uzumoreta kioku no kanata
sou sa bokutachi wa tenshi datta.
sora no ue kara ai no tane wo makichirashite
kono hoshi kara kanashimi keshitakatta.
nee hiroi buruu sukai
miagete iru to yuuki ga wakanai ka
ima demo.
to my friends senaka no hane wa nakushita keredo mada
fushigi na chikara nokotte'ru.
to my friends hikari wo daite yume wo miyou yo.
hora kimi no hitomi ni niji ga kakaru (angel... angel... angel...)
